

One of the all time greats. Or probably the alone greatest thing ever made in the history of cinematography. This movie is both "prequel" and "sequel" of the first godfather movie. I have never watched anything like this in my entire life. This movie has explained the life of underworld people in a great way. It also shows how vengeance eradicates happiness from your life. People don't even care about their family in greed of power. It's a masterpiece that can never be written off even after centuries. Even if you are not into these kind of movies, I will suggest to watch it for atleast once in your life or you'll be deprived of one of the greatest things to watch that have been ever made.

"The Godfather: Part II" is a very suspenseful drama with a very exciting story, with great acting and great special effects. I would definitely recommend you watch this movie...but first watch the original classic from 1972 "The Godfather" . The movie may not be as good as the first movie but is still an amazing sequel.
After seeing The Godfather and improving it as one of my favorite films, I wanted to get more into The Godfather so I rented this. Words can't describe how great this sequel was. The acting once again was amazing and the story and how the movie went on just never got me bored. Everything in this movie was clearly beautiful. The ending by far was my favorite when there all sitting at the table talking. There were so many great scenes like Vito when he was younger, Fredo at the lake, and many many more. You have to see this movie because it's just brilliant filmaking. It's not better than it's first film but still an extremely worth sequel.

10/10
To say that this film is a sequel is a sin. Al Pacino and Robert de Niro win the Oscar for this film, Robert de Niro's performance as Vito Corleone is perfect, every scene in which this one is perfect. Al Pacino as always perfect and unlike the first film, he is much better.

PROS:

EVERYTHING. The script, the direction, the cast, the performance, everything in this film is perfect and its 3 hours are worth it.

CONS:

NOTHING. This movie is perfect.
This movie is way to be good to be labelled a sequel to The Godfather . Rather it is more of a companion piece to the original and the two perfectly compliment each other . IT is both a sequel and prequel showing the rise of the young vito and moral decline of Micheal . Both characters are brought to life with uncanny ability by Robert DeNiro and Al Pacino . To say that these two are good actors is like saying that a nuclear bomb makes a loud noise and in this movie they prove why they are at the top of their respective crafts .

Al Pacino is the standout in the ensemble cast and its amazing how his eyes have changed from the first part . They are now cold , ruthless and unemotional and betray the price which Micheal Corleone has paid for power .

Watch this movie and learn why it is the greatest gangster film of all time.
The Godfather Part Two is possibly the best film ever made, every part of this film is amazing, it is even better than the original, I was very surprised by this. The story is amazing, everything makes perfect sense. The Oscar winning screenplay is amazing, the dialogue is some of the most original, and realistic ever putt on screen, the characters are flawless, and it's in every way perfectly written. The acting is just as fantastic, I can't believe Al Pacino lost the Oscar, and for once Robert De Niro was even better, he was truly amazing, and interestingly he fails to say a single word in English. The direction is also amazing, Francis Ford Coppola even does a better job than he did in The Godfather, and Apocalypse Now. The visual effects are so much better than the amazing one's in the original Godfather. One of the best films ever, a must see. Flawless.
Francis Coppola and Mario Puzo continue their epic saga into the lives of the infamous Corleone family, which is headed by Michael Corleone (Al Pacino). It is a film which does better than its predessor, "The Godfather". The film flip-flops graciously and beautifully between Michael's struggle over the family business and the life of young Vito Corleone (Robert De Niro, in a brilliant, Oscar-winning performance) in his rise to power as well. Robert Duvall, Diane Keaton, Lee Strassberg, and John Cazale give excellent supporting performances. Carmine Coppola's and Nino Rota's score is a masterpiece of music. The movie is expertly filmed and the cinematography is superb.
"The Godfather: Part II" is seen, by many, as the greatest sequel in movie history and one of the best films of all time. Some even think it's better than "The Godfather". As for me, who am I to argue?! The film IS great--and deserved the Best Picture Award and its placement at #3 on IMDb's Top 100 list! And, since there are over 500 reviews for it on the site, I can't think of why I am even bothering to review it. After all, what's one more review that sings its praises?! The acting, writing, direction and entire production is perfect. What more can you say? If you do see the film (and you MUST), try to watch the version that combines the first two films into one--and adds additional story to make it one huge and perfect epic. You simply can't be a film buff without seeing this picture.

It's baggy, wholly unnecessary and doesn't hold a candle to the original but yet is also an example of one of the finest sequels of all time and a phenomenal piece of film-making regardless of its few flaws. The 'Godfather: Part II (1974)' is an oddity in more ways than one, since it simply shouldn't work but totally does. There's almost no way you could believe that the piece powers past the three-hour mark, which it does thanks mainly to its unneeded and honestly less interesting flashback plots seemingly disconnected from the main story. There's not a moment in the foremost narrative I'd suggest cutting even for a second, and even those flashback bits are breathlessly entertaining (in a much more instantly gratifying way than the slow-burning main narrative.) Every second of the picture adds up to an experience that seems sweepingly massive yet strangely intimate, an effortlessly engaging examination of the fall of an empire and the nostalgic sadness at the heart of a man whose soul is slowly turning to stone. 8/10.
The best sequel ever and one of the best films I have seen, a great story with great writing characters carefully written and masterfully illustrated by the actors. Robert De Niro embodies the ingenuity of Vito Corleone, Al Pacino played the role of Michael greatly and continued on the same level in the first film, the only negative that affected me the film was slightly less than the level of the first part is the length of the film was long and I felt some bored in some shots I am watching the film, the film is one of the 10 best films I have ever seen, and my rating for the film is 9.5 and I highly recommend watching it.
A must watch for everybody. The backstory of the godfather... cant decided if part 1 or 2 is better... both beyond amazing!!
The Godfather Part II has excellent writing, plotting, editing is even brilliant, acting, and overall quality to watch over again and again. You can never get sick of watching this film. I miss John Cazale. He was truly a gifted actor and I miss him. He played my favorite Corleone brother. Sure Alfredo was never brilliant or vicious but he was sweet, gentle, and warm most of the time. He had a conscience and I despise Michael for killing his own brother. I think he killed him out of jealousy. Alfredo spent more time with Michael's son, Anthony, than he did and he resented him for it. Alfredo could have been spared. Four years after Godfather Part II, John Cazale died of cancer after filming the Deer Hunter. He never won an Oscar or made too many films but he made every role memorable. Rest in Peace, John. I miss you.







Greetings from Lithuania.

"The Godfather Part II" (1974) is a great sequel to arguably the best movie of all time - and that is saying something. In my personal opinion and for my taste i do prefer first film over Part 2 by a mile, but that is another story. When it comes to Part 2 i do not think that its story and storytelling is as tight as in Part 1, because there are some subplots involving Michael's life which i do not really find that interesting or involving. But when it comes to Vito's part, its a movie to behold.

Overall, "The Godfather Part II" is a great movie - no surprises here. I do prefer first one over part 2 way more - sometimes less is better. But this is a great movie by all accounts.
I have to agree with Robert Towne when he said this film is one of the greatest achievements in the history of screenwriting. When the camera follows DeNiro as he moves from rooftop to rooftop, falling into the abyss filled with crime and corrpution, it will affect him and his family forever. DeNiro is slick and smooth as the young Vito Corleone. The rise of Michael Corleone's power is superbly captured by Coppola and delivered with cold hearted villainy by Al Pacino, in his finest performance. Strasberg is also solid in his performance of Hyman Roth. It's nice to see him put that "method" to work. The only one who feels out of it here is Duvall who seems to be simply going through motions. It may have been that Tom's character is also given limited depth within the script. It is a superb sequel, argued by many to be superior to the original.
It's not as good as the first. Still very masculine and no fault in the acting or directing, and again splendid cinematography - however even slower then before, and things feel slightly more of a dejavu so not as original as the first one.
The Godfather part II is a fantastic sequel and a great follow up to the original. Most sequels are not as good as the original, some are plain rubbish. But The Godfather part II is rare because it is just as good as the original (some reviewers say it is better than the first but i don't think so). The performances are brilliant just like in the first. Robert de Niro plays a young Vito Corleone. showing the young life of Vito in the 1920's While Michael tries to extend the family business in the 1950's. The godfather part II is a must see for fans of the original,what a must buy for fans of the original. fans of the original will love 10/10 definitive crime film. Thanks for reading.
The juxtaposition of Vito building the family up, personally and in terms of business, and Michael tearing the same structures down is what makes this movie. Less morally suspect than the 1st Godfather due Michael's fate this is Coppola at his best as director. It is simply remarkable that such an experimental story structure was allowed for a sequel to a blockbuster. No studio today would allow such a thing to occur.

I don't have much that can be added to the consensus but this is a mighty fine film.
An excellent follow up to the original, The Godfather Part II continues where the first film left off and explores the rise of Vito Corleone in a series of flashbacks that, for the most part, correlate with what is presently happening to Michael Corleone (Pacino) his son and successor. This is a beautifully produced piece of film, and while I still prefer the first installment, simply because of the story content, it is every bit as good. This film is best when watched together with the first film  if your body can stand it. Even better, watch the third one as well for a little closure and so you can argue over whether it's a good film or not. (I myself personally like the third film, but not as much as the first two.)

--Shelly

Often seen as possibly a greater film than even "The Godfather" this film is truly remarkable. Part of the film is a pre-quel, with Robert De Nero playing a young Marlon Brando (is that a dream casting or not?) partly it's the story of Michael Corleone as he grows into the role of Godfather. Again brilliantly filmed, great acting, a great story of love revenge etc. but in some ways it's harder to sympathise with Michael as he slips further into a hell of revenge and murder. Like watching a car-crash.
The original was good but this one just gets lost in convoluted flash backs and a too complex a plot with no real fullfilment. Also way too long. Dated now and I cannot understand the high scores reviewing it.
The ongoing story of Michael, and the origin story of Vito.

There are some highlights here, but I overall just couldn't get into it. I relatively enjoyed the parts with Vito, but not the Michael arch. I thought at first that my main issue was the slow pacing, but I had no problem with the Irishman, or the first movie. I don't know, maybe I wasn't in the right mood, or maybe this movie was overhyped for me. Either way, I just didn't really care for it like I expected to.
After the first hour (or so) the movie improves into the elite level of the original, only with a more complex story, full of twists and turns and complications, filled with as intense and gripping moments, and full of Pacino and De Niro's impossibly great acting.

But the first hour is a bit boring setting the table for what was about to happen, and with some really long sequences here and there after that, the more than three hours are a bit much. The ending is superb.


The only negatives produced by this film and its predecessor are that they're nigh-impossible to match in terms of cinematic strength. Perhaps we'll never see pictures like these again. Staggering filmmaking.
Francis Ford Coppola directs the sequel of "The Godfather" the "The Godfather: Part II". "The Godfather: Part II" is a movie that show us the history of Corleone family and also show us how Vito Corleone attempts to expand the family business into Las Vegas, Hollywood and Cuba.

In this movie you will see an another perfect performance by Al Pacino as Michael Corleone (nominated for Oscar as Best Actor in a Leading Role) and Robert De Niro as Vito Corleone (won the Oscar for Best Actor in a Supporting Role). An another good performance made by Robert Duvall as Tom Hagen.

"The Godfather: Part II" is a really good movie but is a little lower than the first movie that explains my title "Touching perfection...", but it continues to be the best sequel of all times.
This, perhaps the greatest sequel ever, tells the parallel stories of Michael's struggles as the new Godfather and the rise of the legendary Vito Corleone. The presentation of Vito's story is particularly impressive, with DeNiro in a fine performance. Michael's story tends to bog down at times but never fails to be compelling. Pacino is terrific, as are Duvall, Cazale, and Strasberg. The cinematography is beautiful and Rota builds on his memorable score from the first film. Coppola pushes all the right buttons, letting the stories unfold majestically. Having made the two Godfather films by age 35, the talented director had nowhere to go but down.

Critics to be better than the original artistically at least. I am still not sure myself but they may be right. It continues the legacy of the Corleone Family and digs into the roots of their criminal empire. There are a series of flashbacks and that could be confusing to some and to be honest I'm not sure that was positive for the flow of the picture but who am I to criticize that. There is more violence here than in the first Godfather and several scenes, like the original, feature real life events. I personally like the first one better probably because of Brando but I will watch both without reservation. Pacino shines here as brightly as in the first one and DeNiro gives it some much needed weight to replace or more accurately continue Brando's character. It is also much sadder than the first in my opinion and shows the misery and depravity of young Vito's life and why he was what he was. It is a true masterpiece.





Part II in 'The Godfather' saga carries on in much the same vein though Marlon Brando is sorely missed. The plot has Al Pacino exerting complete dominance as mafia boss in the fifties. The film also depicts young Vito Corleone's (Robert De Niro) early years. This segment is slightly nostalgic but superbly acted by De Niro who won a Best Supporting Actor Oscar. As a result of the film moving both backwards and forwards in time, it feels more convoluted than the first part. Robert Duvall and Diane Keaton both impress. The shocking climax (MINOR SPOILERS) mirrors the ending of the first film. Highly recommended.

Overall 9/10

The Godfather: Part II (1974, Dir. Francis Ford Coppola)

It's the 1920's and young Vito Corleone (De Niro) moves to New York to his life and new crime career, whilst in the future, his son Don Michael Corleone (Pacino) continues to further his father's legacy.

Francis Ford Coppola pulls off another epic classic which this time focuses' on two different story lines. Al Pacino is just wonderful as always to watch, but Robert De Niro gets a mention for his amazing performance. The story remains at a steady pace and never goes off the tracks, making this a truly great film.

I trust these men with my life, Senator. To ask them to leave would be an insult. – Michael Corleone (Al Pacino)



Phenomenal sequel to The Godfather is split between two stories. One follows the events of the first movie as Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) deals with strife inside and outside the family as he works to expand the business. The other tells the story of a young Vito Corleone (Robert De Niro) and his rise to power.

The greatest sequel of all time? Yeah I can't see many doubts about that. It's often said to be even better than the first movie. I don't see the point in splitting hairs over it. I'll just say that I love both films a lot, though I rewatch the first one more often than this one. For the optimum experience you should watch both movies back-to-back like they're one long film. As with the first movie, this is pretty much flawless. I can't think of a thing about it I would change.
"The Godfather Part 2" is that rarest of movies in that it surpasses a really brilliant first movie. Shown in flashbacks it shows the rise of the young Vito Corleone (Robert De Niro) in New York City & alternates forward to his son Michael (Al Pacino) who eventually succeeds him as head of the Corleone mafia family. De Niro & Pacino are two of the greatest movie actors of all time but I have to say that, to my mind, De Niro is just fantastic in his role. Great too is Robert Duvall as family lawyer & counsellor Tom Hagen. John Cazale who plays Michael's brother Fredo is also excellent. He had the misfortune to die of cancer at only 42 years of age but the good luck to appear in only five 1970's movies all of which are regarded as classics. For anyone who has never seen this movie do so at the first opportunity because there is no doubt it is one of the greatest, (some say THE greatest), movie ever made. As a piece of celluloid storytelling it remains unsurpassed.
Just like our marriage is an abortion. Something that's unholy and evil. I didn't want your son, Michael! I wouldn't bring another one of you sons into this world! It was an abortion, Michael! It was a son Michael! A son! And I had it killed because this must all end!

Wowza! They don't make movies like this anymore. Better than the first? I say yes because this is more complicated. Just read the header. A true masterpiece.

To define it as a masterpiece is easy, fair and silly. Because it is obvious - it is a masterpiece. But for each viewer, for specific reasons. Sure, the duel between Al Pacino and Robert de Niro is the key. For me, splendid is the job of John Cazale. The embroidery of the life of father and son, the metamorphose of Michael Corleone, the pressure of past, the air of nostalgia , the details as large mosaics and the cold feeling of a story about everything. A gangster movie ? Maybe not exactly. Because, at the each new view, it gives more than a story about Mafia. But universal history of mankind as a sort of parable.



There are bound to be comparisons to 'The Godfather',but it definitely comes close to surpass its predecessor but to no avail.But that doesn't take away any credit from another gem from Francis Ford Coppola.There would have definitely been immense pressure on Coppola to deliver the second time after the first one was a huge hit.

Robert De Niro was outstanding as the young Don Vito Corleone and truly deserved his Oscar.John Cazale delivers on getting more screen space.But I was disappointed to see that Al Pacino as Michael Corleone after having overshadowed his previous work in the first and having reached greater heights in this one, did not get an Academy award.

The film does not disappoint and matches the original in every aspect.Truly outstanding cinema.
Now this film is in now way more iconic are crucial to the film world than the first one, but it doesn't need to be. It has yet another gripping and compelling crime narrative. I loved the sets a lot better in this, which is natural seeing as they had a bigger budget. I loved the Robert De Niro storyline and was not expecting it going into this movie, so it was a pleasant surprise. This has perhaps my favorite ending to a film ever, and many end scenes that can compete but it's hard to get better than this one.
I will just write a short review of this because all of the points were said on the reviews on this but I have always marveled at how great all the actors were in this film, Al Pacino had that certain charm,gentleness and yet ruthlessness in him in carrying out all the things he had to do, John Cazale as Fredo is a perfect role, sad that man died with so much acting left in him., Duvall, Talia Shire, De Niro and Diane Keaton also played their part perfectly and with so much ease...

Overall, a perfect film that teaches you about everything.
They improved Part 1 by making Part 2. As I said about Part 1, just watch Part 2 if you haven't already. This is movie making history that makes modern movies look ordinary.



A series of films of the strongest productions of the world cinema wonderful in every sense of the drama in particular
I remember saying in my review of "The Godfather" that i was going to review this film a week later, that was more than one week ago that's for sure. I did actually start watching "The Godfather Part II" the next Friday, though i stopped watching after an hour because i wasn't really in the mood for it! So i decided that today, with nothing else to do, i'd give it another try and i wasn't disappointed! It was a great film, lots of talking but it's still great fun to watch.

I only have one criticism, the length. It was extremely long, about 3 and a half hours! But that's my only criticism, everything else was spot on! Hopefully i'll be watching "The Godfather Part III" soon and as soon as i do, i'll post my opinion right here!

So overall, "The Godfather Part II" is just as good as the original Godfather If you haven't seen this film yet, watch it now!

9/10

Plot: 10/10 Cinematography: 10/10 Acting: 10/10 Pacing: 10/10 Music: 10/10.
I have to say that ever since I watched tis movie, my whole life changed. Thanks!
The Godfather Part II, is just as good as the first film. Al Pacino was absolutely awesome in this film. His performance in this film is one of my personal favorites, and probably one of his best performances of all time. This film was so good because it continues the story of Don Michael Corleone's rise to the top, and then slowly to the bottom at the end. Plus another cool thing about the movie, is that it has several flash backs on the life of younge Vito Corleone, played by Robert DeNiro (who also gave a great performance). Again the directing, and story telling, and the acting were great in this movie. It is truly the greatest sequel of all time.

For some reason I liked this part better than the first. The showcasing of Vito Corleone's past portrayed by Rober De Niro was something I never knew I needed to see until I saw it. This is where we see Micheal Corleone really transfer into Don Coreloene, and seeing how he did it more chaotically than his father was chilling. The struggle of him being the Don his father was perfectly portrayed by Al Pacino and he should have won that oscar. It is so obvious that the plot is well thought out because everything connects so well and watching this part connects all the dots. The ending scenes of the Godfather trilogy always make my jaw drop and this was no exception. I loved the ending, it just made me even more curious about what would happen next. To all the people who saw this movie in the theaters, you are lucky.
Same old hash stories and cliché characters being dysfunctional. This is not a movie and series I will ever endorse or recommend. The godfather is a hash deadbeat father, literally, due to its glorified criminal demonstration used to sell this product.

I thought this one was gonna be better than the first one but its not. For me they didn't handled correctly Robert De niro, they put unnecessary scenes to Al Pacino's performance and generally the movie is once again way too long. I dont know what is it with mafia movies and they make it 3,5 hours but they dont create the perfect crime, vendetta or the conspiracy for their personal survival, or to create an empire or something or even protect their blood. I think they missed it all. There were good elements inside but they were shadowed by the boring scenes.
This is, for me, one of the greatest of all time. Any sequel to the original - again - one of the all time greatest - was always going to be tough. But to follow it with such a timeless masterpiece is nothing short of astonishing. The acting all round is utterly electrifying - from the big performers to the bit part players and extras. Each part is played to perfection. This is one of those rare movies that is totally complete. Words can barely do it justice. You could watch it a thousand different times and take a thousand different lessons from it. You could notice something each time that you hadn't spotted before. This is cold, unforgettable and absolutely absorbing. If you haven't seen it before - go and watch it. If you have seen it before - go and re - watch it. I'm not sure we'll ever see anything that matches it's like again.
this is something. if you thought The Godfather was special, brace yourselves, because The Godfather Part 2 is the greatest. Everything about this movie is perfect. the directing is brilliant. the way Coppola was able to weave two tales using only flashbacks was just groundbreaking. the acting, well it speaks for itself. De Niro won an Oscar for-this, and was richly deserved, but Pacino puts in the performance of his career, Duvall features much more and is marvelous. Cazale is picture perfect as the shaky Fredo. Bruno Kirby was my favourite as the straight talking Clemenza. All I'm saying is that this movie can do now wrong. the simple message of this movie is that of a man who has a firm grip on his job. but is losing his grip on his life
I love the GF 2. It does miss the presence of Brando but it is an engrossing story and a great addition to the saga.

Whilst I have always had time for this movie and have watched it a few times I suspect that for a new contemporary audience the pacing may be a bit slow and a lack of visual grit that a version made now may enjoy, would have many think it was a bit ho hum. Not a unique problem and unavoidable.

But, I feel it still has plenty to offer and may be as those younger new viewer age a little and are looking for more substance than bells and whistles, then they too can fall in love with it.
This movie accomplishes what very few sequels ever do, it rivals its predecessor in quality. This film doesn't hit a wrong note at any point. All performances are excellent and there isn't any problem switching back and forth between the early 1900's and the mid 1900's. It flowed so well. I can't argue with the top 3 rating given by IMDb users.

The saga continues with Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) fully in charge as the unflinching leader. The family drama just gets more and more darker. We are seeing the moral disintegration of Michael. The movie also gets a separate timeline for young Vito Corleone (Robert De Niro). While that is interesting at times, it is very disruptive especially since it's all in Italian.

Meanwhile, Michael's story keeps getting better. How could you forget "I know it was you, Freddo. you broke my heart." or "Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer." And John Cazale shines as Fredo. His exchanges with Al Pacino are epic. And the emotional grenade tossed by Kay (Diane Keaton) is absolutely stunning. All in all, it is a great effort for a sequel to a masterpiece.
...in which are introduced a number of other major actors: Robert De Niro, Lee Strasberg, Michael V. Gazzo, G. D. Spradlin, the exceptional Marianna Hill, Bruno Kirby and the great Italians Gastone Moschin and Leopoldo Trieste. In cameo roles, Peter Donat, Harry Dean Stanton, Danny Aiello, Roger Corman. And, remember, from the first movie: "In Sicily women are more dangerous than shotguns." (Michele, lascia perdere, in Sicilia femine sono piu pericolose che la lupara) (Franco Citti's memorable line)
There has been an argument raging for year about which is the better movie, Part one or Part two. It isn't even a contest. Part one is a much much muchhhhhh better film. If you took away the Robert De Niro's scenes, you can make the argument that this movie is in fact a bad film. Frankly De Niro saved this movie. Without the flashbacks this film is uninteresting and boring. Even the actors look bored. Sure, some parts of the plot are interesting but overall the execution this good enough to honestly make you give a sh!t. The first Godfather movie is one of the greatest movies of all time. This movie on the other hand is one of the most overrated movies of all time. The next time I watch it I'm just going to save myself time and fast forward to the De Niro parts.
This movie is one of the Greatest Mafia Movies of all-time in my view! The depiction of a Mafia Family was really the focus of this movie! Deniro, Pacino, and Brando clearly killed this movie! I mean the scene where they took you back to the old country and showed how the first God father became the Boss of all Bosses was stellar! This movie can be watched over and over again! I've been watching this movie for over 25 plus years! Clearly a great classic!!!!!!!


This is one of the few movies where the sequel is better than the original. Cinematography is better than the original, and story line tighter. The story is about change of guard from the old Corlione (Vito) to the new God father (Michael), and I thought acting by both Marlon Brando and Al Pachino was notch above the original. The unlikely son who went to college and had no interest in the family business now takes over the family as the new Don. Al Pachino shows his maturity as an actor by playing the role of the new Don masterfully, and his transition from his first role to that of the new God father is portrayed naturally.

This is one movie I believe will last till the end days of cinema. A classic in its own right.

My Real Score : 7.5/10

"For 3 hours and 22 minutes movie, The Godfather Part II doesn't have the power to make me stand and wake for quite some time, but it still have that moment, again with incredible perfomance by all the cast, The Godfather Part II feels empty without Marlon Brando, even though that was actually the right idea, The Godfather Part II isn't as powerful as the first one but it still pretty good and watchable"

I have been forced to watch the Godfather trilogy by a friend of mine who thinks, as do most people, that they are the best thing since sliced bread. I found "The Godfather" just about watchable, but no more - I would have given up if my friend hadn't been there, but this was completely intolerable. I couldn't follow who the people were (and didn't care) I couldn't relate it to the previous film. I couldn't relate the 1930s stuff to the 1950s stuff. There is no excitement no tension, no nothing. A complete waste of an evening. And it's so interminably long too. I'm having trouble filling out my ten lines for the review, because the film left almost no impression on me - except that feeling that I used to get at school when I was forced to sit through the most boring lesson in the world. And God help me, I'm going to have to watch the third one. Like taking cod-liver oil. Ugh.
I thought the first one could not get better, but after seeing this, I have only to say that it is much better. With the enhancement of the characters, unexpected scenes, very good scenes, unexpected end, E.T.C. (just do not say more because this movie does not even have weaknesses). I highly recommend it.
In my opinion this is the finest of the crime genre ever made. It is thoroughly compelling from start to finish and the fastest three hours i can remember spending. Every aspect of the film is virtually flawless; plot, cinematography and in particular the acting. Pacino and De Niro are amazing in their respective roles and one can only look on in awe at the levels of believability in the characters that they attain. Although i would not consider De Niro's performance to be the greatest of his career as i think he achieved even more in his portrayals of Travis Bickle in Taxi Driver and Jake La Motta in Raging Bull; for me this is Pacino at his best. The camera work in the flashback sequences chronicling the early life of Vito is stunning and would make you think you are looking at a picture from the twenties. There is obviously a lot of debate as to which is the better film, this or its predecessor, but i consider this to be superior as it holds the viewers attention more. An absolute Classic. 10/10


The Godfather is a fantastic movie. It's one of the most celebrated in history and it has gone down in history as one of the best films ever made. And much of that can be repeated to be said in The Godfather Part 2. In this film it showcases Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) as the new don of the Corleone crime family. It also shows the early life of Don Vito Corleone (Robert De Niro) Michael's father and the celebrated Godfather. Michael's story involves his rise to power . Vito's story involves his early start in the business after he is forced into the US from Italy as a child. The two stories are told in a parallel fashion. And both of them are what makes the film great. The two stories are helped by the great acting ability from Pacino and De Niro both. If you liked the first one watch this one. Even if you haven't seen the first one, you should still watch The Godfather Part 2 because it is a great movie in it's own right.
AL FRICKIN PACINO, one for the best actors off all time, makes his role iconic just as he did prior. This movie somehow stays on par with the 1st movie with rich, powerful storytelling like the 1st movie. It's genuinely hard to decide which is the better movie. Masterpiece

PS skip part 3 it's terrible.
This movie is great, although I liked the first part more, this has nothing to envy the first. As I said in the first part, many good performances, in this part we lose Marlon Brando but we incorporate Robert De Niro, who I think in this movie does the best performance of his career. Do not miss this classic, it is one of the best cinema that you will be able to watch.




The First part was amazing and although 2nd part is good cant defeat the first part . Again amazing writing , acting , direction and a must watch . Although the Vito Corleone back story seems weird at first with some absurd editing it is an amazing story of its own .
I do not like The Godfather Part II as well as the original, if only because the shift in focus from the subtle machinery of the Corleone family business to the historically inspired (Kefauver hearings, collapse of the Batista regime in Cuba) episodes shortchanges the elegant simplicity of the first film. We have already witnessed Michael's incredible transformation from "civilian" war hero into hard-as-steel overboss in the original, and this makes his character less interesting to me. I do not wish to suggest that Part II is not a good film. On the contrary, the intercutting of the Vito Corleone story with Michael's trials, troubles, and challenges gorgeously punctuates the importance of family tradition so crucial to the film's thematic fabric.
This movie is as good as part I in every possible way. The direction from Coppola is as masterful as ever. The performances especially Pacino are great and really capture nuances in the equaly brilliant writing. The story is also fantastic. The rise of Mikael Corleone in the criminal underworld and the loss of his last morals and family members is juxtaposed to the rise of his father in the early 2000 centuary. This movie is 3 hours and 20 minutes long but paced perfectly and I was never bored during any of it.

If you have seen part I or love movies you need to check this out. This is easily one of the best sequels ever made.
The rare case of a sequel to a masterpiece improving, expanding and deepening the scope of the original; one of the greatest movies ever made.

The Godfather: Part II brings in one of the best performances of all time by Al Pacino and Robert De Niro, Godfather: Part II as well as Part I are the best gangster dramas of all time arguably.


"The Godfather: Part II" outdoes the original film in almost every way. This isn't even up for debate. And the original is still a classic. This one is simply better. It keeps all of the high quality acting and screenwriting and throws us a curveball by intertwining the continued story of Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) with the early story of his father, Vito (Robert De Niro). Unfortunately, Marlon Brando does not make an appearance in this film.

The great thing about this film is that it gives us a dichotomy of the father's rise and the son's fall. Showing parallel stories but also showing the stark differences between Vito's altruism and sense of justice and Michael's ruthlessness and lust for revenge. It's a marvelous movie that really opens up a lot of room for interpretation on its portrayals of organized crime, family, and the American dream. This is one of the must watch films.

Pacino outdoes himself in The Godfather. He's just as powerful as Brando was in the role of The Don. Michael Corleone (Pacino) expands his cartel, making friends and enemies alike. Michael's story is spliced with his father's uprising. Vito is played by the mesmerising Robert De Niro. Vito's story could stand alone from Michael's, but both compliment the other in ways that cannot be described. Scenes end on cliffhangers. When one starts, we want to be back with the other. The Corleone family is corrupt, and Part II just shows how deep their roots run. This second act is more intense, more involving, incredibly climactic, leaving it's audience wanting more. Absolutely fine displays from Pacino and De Niro. The Godfather: Part II almost outdoes its predecessor.
This is the greatest sequel ever made and in my opinion the finest film i have ever seen. I couldn't tell you how many time I have watched it.

Long, but interesting. Most of the scenes with DeNiro crackle, and Strasberg is fascinating to watch. Pacino is also very good. Years ago when I watched this movie, I believed it to be better then the first Godfather. Watching them both again, almost back to back, has solidified that opinion. Of course, it is not a perfect film, but it is a very good one. I have one criticism though. Why does some of the music sound as if it was lifted from an episode of Columbo?

The acting, cinematography, storytelling, writing, and editing are all better than the original. It feels more polished and mature in these categories than the first. This feels more like a masterpiece than the first one. Everything from the ending, the nuances, certain high drama scenes all feel more powerful and meaningful. Surely though, many will prefer the original but not me. This is the better movie, imo.

9/10.
As far as sequels go this isn't awful. A lot of money went into this and the acting is excellent by everyone.

The sparkle and grit and realism that appears in almost every frame of The Godfather just isn't here. Some of this seemed forced and contrived and overall the story is quite grim and depressing. Even in The Godfather there were a few scenes here and there that were light and slightly amusing. You get none of that here. Everything here is black.

I also think that this a little bit too long. I think it could have moved faster.

All in all it isn't something I would watch a second time. Not like the original, which is a product of it's time.

the godfather part 2 is more of a continuation then a sequel.its also a prequel,showing flashbacks of Vito corleone as a youth,and later as a young man played by Robert DE niro.there's more murder and mayhem.AL pacino takes over as boss of the family,as mob movies go this and the godfather 1 are the best,Mario puzo wrote the story as well as the screenplay.the performances by pacino,Talia shire,Robert duvall,Robert DE niro,Diane Keaton are excellent,look for roger corman playing a small part towards the ending.the connection here is that roger corman gave Francis ford Coppola his first job at directing with the film dementia 13,a black and white horror film.godfather 2 also stars john cazale and lee strasberg.this is a highly recommended film,it must be seen uncensored to be really appreciated.10 out of 10.excellent sequel.

This film is not a sequel to the first, its so much more than that. Its difficult to compare the two films against one another but they both sit in the top 5 films ever made - and that says enough.

Watching how Micheal is dealing with taking over the family is exciting yet you can't help but feel a little bit sorry for him as he never wanted this life. Seeing how he has to hold the family together with fear is even more disturbing as we flash back to seeing his father create the family with love.

De Niro is amazing as a young Don Vito and rightfully won an Oscar for his performance.

Easily a 10/10. Greatest Mafia film made.
"The Godfather: Part II" is one of the best sequels ever made, because it's so unlike other sequels. It not only tells the ongoing story of Michael Corleone, but it also tells the story of his father's rise to being the Godfather. Al Pacino superbly reprises his role of Michael, and Robert De Niro is, in one word, perfect as Vito Corleone. Imagine not only learning your lines, but learning them in Italian, and all the while trying to sound like Marlon Brando. If you can't imagine any one else besides Brando as Don Vito, just check out De Niro's brilliant, Oscar-winning performance. This is a must-see for any film fan, and especially any fan of the first "Godfather." I actually know people who prefer this sequel to the already fantastic original. I can't say enough about this movie. My one piece of advice is see "The Godfather: Part II."
Controversial opinion: way too long, could have made a tighter movie out of just the content set in the movie's present. That said, a very well constructed film.

Cant decided if part 1 or 2 is better... both beyond amazing!!
The second part of the Godfather trilogy manages something that seemed impossible - making a legitimate successor to one of the best movies ever. It is both a sequel and a prequel. Telling the stories of father Vito and son Micheal Corleone. The performances of DeNiro and Pacino are maybe the best of their impressive carriers.
The best sequel of all time is also #1 for me in all time films. Pacino delivers an even more chilling and nuanced performance, while Caan, Castellano and Brando's absences are replaced with talented new arrivals in Strasberg, Gazzo and DeNiro as the young Vito. The flashbacks work perfectly, while the enormously talented Cazale as Fredo has a bigger role than Part 1. Phenomenal achievement to follow the best film ever with an even greater one. 10/10.

One of the greatest movies ever maid about the organized crime and there leader ship, the movie is a great classic that you have to watch acting directing story is just perfect, one thing to say the 3rd pat wasn't as good as the two before. Best line: "all the power on earth can't change destiny"
There are something's you will come across in life that they are so beautiful that 26 Alphabets feel limited to describe such things. They are beyond that small dimension of 26 Alphabets✨ You should not rate or review such things instead you should experience them yourself. One of the most beautiful movie and movie series humans have witnessed. The people who crafted and created this were really ahead of time, I mean if they were able to create such quality movies 1970 which the most talented are unable to do so in 2021.✨A different feeling to watch this series in 2021 which was created in 1970s and based in 1950s. I have a habit of capturing the most beautiful poster moments by taking screenshots. And believe me if you watch this in 1080p you will end up with almost 300 plus screenshots by the time you end with this series. ✨A very beautiful movie not just in terms of dialogues and acting but also in terms of visuals. Really lives upto it's name ""GODFATHER"".✨
I don't generally enjoy being depressed but in this case I feel a depression of total uplift. From the crushed linen shirt sleeve through to the left to ponder at the supper table and everything in between (especially Mr De Niro) this film has my attention and admiration in a race of appreciation. Sicily, New York, Nevada, Cuba- wherever the scene is laid it does not fail. From the spirit and determination of Vito to the decay and decline of Michael this film is an engraving of cinematic blessing. Thank you Francis and all who participated! Salut

Compared with the first one, I think each has its own merits. If you have to have a high score, the first one has a score of 0.1 points higher in my heart than the second one, both of which


I can echo my review of the Godfather: for a film and a story so great, either one writes a treatise full of detail or else just a few sentences, and that's again the way I go. This is one of the greatest films I have ever seen; perhaps better than The Godfather; a magisterial, tragic, suspenseful, deeply human story brought to life with fabulous performances, cinematography, sets and locations. A masterpiece.
One of the three best movie ever made along with Godfather 1 and apocalypse now. Gf two returns to the family and tells the history of how the godfather came to power. The best scene of the movie is when a young Vito returns to Italy and takes revenge on the man that killed his family. A 10 out of ten just like the first movie.
The reason it's better than the 1st movie is because of De Niro . Al Pacino was excellent though . Inspirational, entertaining, nostalgic. A true Master piece.
The continuation of Francis Ford Coppola's masterpiece. The Godfather. Pacino delivers a perfectly captivating performance, as always, that powerfully engages the viewer and creates a suspenseful atmosphere throughout. De Niro also delivers a mesmerising performance as the young Don Vito Corleone.


When Al Pacino,Robert De Niro are in the movie,you don't have to think twice how the movie will be.Actually this movie is way to be good to be labelled a sequel to The Godfather . Rather it is more of a companion piece to the original and the two perfectly compliment each other.It is a film which does better than its predessor, "The Godfather". The acting is just as fantastic, I can't believe Al Pacino lost the Oscar, and for once Robert De Niro was even better, he was truly amazing, and interestingly he fails to say a single word in English. The direction is also amazing, Francis Ford Coppola even does a better job than he did in The Godfather, and Apocalypse Now. The visual effects are so much better than the amazing one's in the original Godfather. One of the best films ever, a must see. Flawless.Robert Duvall, Diane Keaton, Lee Strassberg, and John Cazale give excellent supporting performances. Carmine Coppola's and Nino Rota's score is a masterpiece of music. The movie is expertly filmed and the cinematography is superb.
another boring 3 hours. All bad performances. Im not going to say its good because everyone else does,,im going to say it as I see it.Anybody who gives this a good review is just listening to the media. I love movies so I watch them but this was a complete bore. Al Pacino and Bob De Niro cannot save this waste of time.Bad characters and bad direction heap on the misery of having to sit through this .Watched gf1 and now this...will not bother watching gf3 if its as bad as this. So many good movies from the 70s around but this pile of muck doesn't do the decade justice.I think FFC is a really bad director but if the mafia exists I reckon they paid him to make this bile.
I liked it better than the first one, but I still think it's overrated. It is unfair that Pacino didn't win an Oscar for the role of Michael, because he definitely deserved one.
I was quite disappointed after watching part 1. But part 2 has totally changed the perspective. In this part, making of Vito Corleone is shown and how he made himself to challenge the strong of his time. Alongwith the history we see the rise of Michael making tough decisions about family while gathering powers.

If you have not watched any of godfather movie, watch this part first then other parts will make more sense.

Overall performance of Al Pacino was awesome.


The Godfather part II is just like the first one, its good for what it is. It has some very good drama elements, trahisons, sad moments and complete story. Very well acted and it has quite a lot of reallism into it and I think the ending of this movie was just good enough to express what the writters wanted to portay. It portayed very well and it accomplished what it wanted to.
One of the all time greats. Or probably the alone greatest thing ever made in the history of cinematography. This movie is both "prequel" and "sequel" of the first godfather movie. I have never watched anything like this in my entire life. This movie has explained the life of underworld people in a great way. It also shows how vengeance eradicates happiness from your life. People don't even care about their family in greed of power. It's a masterpiece that can never be written off even after centuries. Even if you are not into these kind of movies, I will suggest to watch it for atleast once in your life or you'll be deprived of one of the greatest things to watch that have been ever made.
I'm NOT an Al Pacino fan but this movie has the best performance of Al. I think no one in the history of world cinema has played a character better than Al Pacino in Godfather 2. He deserved an Oscar. Godfather 2 is better than the first part. It is a great sequel, it expands the themes and the world of the first part. Robert De Niro is stunning as usual. Missed Marlon Brando. Best part of this movie is it shows the rise of Vito Corleone and Michael Corleone contrasting their times and personalities. You need to watch Godfather 2

Never boring but the story needed more creative twists to be as good as part 1. De Niro is just wow.
Godfather and Godfather 2 probably 2 of the great movies made. Robert DeNiro has become a disappointment.
By the end of this classic sequel to "The Godfather", I absolutely felt nothing but hatred for Michael Chorleone. Even though he waited until his mother faded off to kill Fredo, I still couldn't feel anything for Mike. But when you see the last shot of the film, you realize that he is going to regret it for as long as he lives and will fall into a deep depression for the next decade or so. How could he be so mad at Fredo for being tricked by those two rats, Hyman Roth and Johnny Ola. That wasn't exactly all Fredo's fault. But, you not only do you feel the neglect from Michael to Fredo, but you feel the neglect from Michael to his family and household. That was one of the really haunting parts of the film. Michael's neglect is what causes him to fall into the deep depression by the end of the film and into the third installment of the trilogy. Francis Ford Coppola has a true gift in film making and to this day remains one of the best directors in the business. The best of the trilogy.

10/10 The best film ever made. *****/*****



After giving kind of a harsh view on Part 1, I wanted to give the movie another chance. In fact, watch all 3 Godfather films. I bought my mom the trilogy on DVD and asked if I could borrow it. I misjugded the first one completely. And I found a great treasure with Part 2. It was such an amazing film. Robert DeNiro's performance is flawless. It can never be touched. The story is amazing. I love the story between Michael and Kay. There was such anger and betrayal, that I couldn't wait to see how it ended in the 3rd one. From what I've seen, I can say that Part 2 is my favorite. Then the 1st and then the 3rd. I would highly recommend "The Godfather Part 2". It is a great film. And it deserves all the credit we can give it. Bravo Mr. DeNiro!

10/10
usually sequels are not as good as the original film,but in this case it's pretty close.this one is about 25 minutes or so longer(about 196 minutes)and it does feel a bit long on occasion.but it's just as engrossing as the original.i think the story has more depth to it.there's much more going on.the movie jumps back in forth in time.minor spoiler ahead***Robert De Niro is brilliant as a young Vito Corleone***end of spoiler.Al Pacino Returns as Michael Corleone.the supporting cast is great,as well.i'd say this film rivals it's predecessor,despite the few moments where it seemed it bit too long,due to the story being better.for me,The Godfather: Part II is a 10/10
...so says Sam Mendes, and who am I to argue? The cliches aside, sequel being better than the first etc, but what a follow up. Difficult to imagine how satisfying it would have been seeing this at the time. The look and feel is the same. The sepia tint of the backstory even more pronounced. Terrifically understated performance from De Niro. Pacino's blank, dead eyed stare stands out from the fresh faced youth flashback at the end, sat with his family that he saw dead or driven away

This is an excellent film. That's all there is to it. Personally, I think it's more than a little better than the first movie (excellent film also). In the DVD commentary, Coppola himself says that this is at least as good as the first film and that this is where he wanted to end things. The acting here is phenomenal from every character and I think the best performance is perhaps from the actor of Don Fanucci. You just don't see movies like this made anymore. I think the reason I prefer this over the first has a lot to do with the pacing. This movie is a little more fun and the flashback/forward structure always keeps things moving, as well as providing a beautiful contrast between the two generations of dons. By the way, don't let anybody tell you the stories have nothing to do with each other. Its structure is what really makes this a memorable movie, and it actually works without being tacky, unlike Once Upon a Time in America.
While I still think the first one is better, this is still a great movie. It can feel a little long but I didnt mind too much. This movie has a great score, great acting and once again powerful dialogs. Robert de niro and Al Pacino were great in this movie!!


Being born in 1971 I never had to wait for the "sequel" to arrive, so I've always enjoyed The Godfather and Part II as one entity.

I find it hard to see the first film as better than the second. Part II is for me, superior in every way. More story, more scope, more everything. Pacino is even better in this, the whole cast in the 1958 setting are.

What sets this apart for me, is De Niro. He's not regarded as one of the best actors of all time for nothing. His performance as a younger Vito is nothing short of flawless. How did an up and coming young actor out do Marlon Brando? It's a remarkable turn and at over 3 hours long feels much shorter as every scene is perfect.

I love this film.
A great movie to watch and great acting by De Niro as a young don but al Pacino steals the show with his great acting. Good storyline, screenplay and beautiful locations. A great masterpiece

The Godfather: Part II does what a sequel should do, it expands the world and conflicts, giving to the word Family a real meaning by showing the origins of Vitto Corleone, you think is boring because its 3 hours and 20 minutes long but its 100000 times better than the original in every aspect

Told through parallel story lines that features the 1900's, following a young Vito Corleone, played by Robert De Niro, growing up and opening his business. Then in conjunction: the 1950's as Al Pacino as Don Michael Corleone expands his crime empire.

Same cast, director, writers, Gordon Willis'cinematography and music by Nino Rota, Pacino is harder and more ruthless than every before. The acting from a stars studded cast is excellent the Cuban and Vegas scenes are astounding, you can taste the atmosphere. A weaving, compelling and seeming realistic portrayal of the rise of a crime family and it pitfalls along the way. Themes of loss, rejection, and betrayal to name a few, Part to is richer in all respects.

A truly classic film in it's own right, Coppola and Puzo deliver a worthy seamless sequel to the Godfather.
Must be the best sequel of all times (edging out Empire Strikes Back). Brilliant concept of simultaneously telling the story of a father and son at the same age. The scenes are breathtaking as we go from Sicily to New York to Lake Tahoe to Cuba. The cast members from the original maintain their superb performance level and new castmembers Lee Strasberg and Michael Gazzo turn in outstanding performances as Hyman Roth and Frankie "Five Angels" pentangeli. One of my five favorite films of all time (along with Godfather I, Silence of the Lambs, Pulp Fiction, Goodfellas)
When I watched this movie I was amazed that how Robert de Niro nailed the role of Don Vito Corleone. It could be a pressure for any actor to play a role of it has been played by a famous and good actor before. And most problem to play younger Don was that it was played by the god of cinema: Marlon Brando. But deniro didn't hesitate or felt under pressure for a single moment in the movie. And some times he was even better than brando himself. Michael Corleone's life story after being the godfather was brilliant written and well played by Pacino. A man who tried to protect his family and get in the line of work he despised most and somehow he started to enjoy it. This was the fate of Michael in this segment. From being a sad army veteran to a needed devil but in this movie he was a satan who doesn't want to give up power and would do anything to protect his legacy and his Father. In this movie you would also like the match cut between Vito's timeline and Michael's timeline. A Cameo from James caan was very soothing and Robert Duvall as Tom Hagen was brilliant again. Francis Ford Coppola should be given all awards for making The godfather 1&2.
I really don't understand the obsession with the Godfather trilogy, brought up with society around me proclaiming it to be a classic I rented the first and found it just bearable! Determined on my task of watching all three I rented the second, I barely made it through, i found the storyline confusing and didn't see any of the quotes used in 'You've got Mail'! Please don't think that the only films I watch are chick flicks, I do like more serious, older films but ... oh dear... maybe I just can't relate to Italian mafia families, I must have wiped this film from my mind as I can hardly remember the storyline! I do not which to be stereotypical but maybe this really is a film for men! Please tell me there are other people out there who feel this way about these films! I can't understand how they always get to the top of 'Great film Lists'! If asked by a friend whether to watch this film I would say no, unless I wanted to punish them!

P.S I still haven't watched number three!!

O.k so I used to think the Godfather was the worst gangster movie ever I stand corrected. The Godfather II is even stinker. Why do people who say they don't like violent movies like this piece pooh pooh I will never know. Ever one is a bad guy. And they all kill each other. Pooh pooh. Pooh pooh. Pooh pooh. It same thing as the first one. Stinky stinky pooh. Pooh pooh. Pooh pooh. Pooh pooh. A fresher pile of pooh then the first one that does make it better. Every one knows that manure is better then fresher pooh. Don't wast your money. Don't wast your time. It is long and boring just like the first one. I seen better movie in my toilet. Stinky stinky stinky pooh. All movie are better then is except of Godfather III. The is a real stinky one.
My Rating : 10/10 ♠ MASTERPIECE ♠

A lot of people have said Godfather II is the greatest film they've seen. I think so too.
Coppala sequel is just second to none..Al Pacino performance to it's best with fantastic storyline & screenplay. Never could be a sequel ever made like this which is crafted to it's perfection. Robert de Niro appearance was just icing on the cake
A masterpiece! The perfect sequel. My favorite out of the series.
This film is so good on so many levels, it's even better then part 1, which was also great on it's own. But this one's just.. outstanding. It still is in my top 5 all time best movies.
I think I found it too deep than it actually is. I mean I'm too sad for whatever events happened throughout the movie. It's a little confusing that you might not feel all the scenes here are important but they are actually. Michael is now the head of the family and has to take some serious decisions for the welfare of the family and himself. The story turns out great and everything looks just at the end. I don't think you should watch it in your happy hours and I'm serious about it!
I just watched Godfather Part II and now I must take a moment to gather myself. It's all too much. My mind and body have entered what seems to be a state of shock and awe. I feel like just collapsing into a chair and staring into blank space. A blank stare of contemplation: Much like Michael did throughout the whole three hour duration of the movie.

If you'll excuse me I have to go now. I need to get a grip on the life shatteringly staggering events that I have just witnessed. I really need to lie down. I must recuperate. You see, my knees have turned to jelly. I may have to support them with my plastic kneecap.

Movies this powerful should be banned.
The first Godfather is a very good movie. Great acting, some action scenes to releive the slower parts, and a good musical score. The only thing I can say in favor of this one is that it has good acting. Other than that, I'd rather take a nap than watch this three hour bore-a-thon.
His movie is way to be good to be labelled a sequel to The Godfather . Rather it is more of a companion piece to the original and the two perfectly compliment each other . IT is both a sequel and prequel showing the rise of the young vito and moral decline of Micheal . Both characters are brought to life with uncanny ability by Robert DeNiro and Al Pacino . To say that these two are good actors is like saying that a nuclear bomb makes a loud noise and in this movie they prove why they are at the top of their respective crafts .

Al Pacino is the standout in the ensemble cast and its amazing how his eyes have changed from the first part . They are now cold , ruthless and unemotional and betray the price which Micheal Corleone has paid for power .
This movie was bad to put it simply -- don't fall for all the hype. I have no idea how this movie is so loved; it is like two bad movies rolled into one with the viewer forced to alternate between each boring tale: one in the past, and one in the even further past. This of course causes the film to be overly long, poorly edited, tedious and dull.

To be fair, I'm not a big fan of this genre, but I did want to like it, but could not. Little to like here: no sympathetic characters, no comedy, no inspiration, no beauty, just a dark heart that goes nowhere. Sorry, but there's much better films to watch with your free time. Thus a rating of 3.0/10.0.
"because a man who doesn't spend time with his family can never be a real man "
As I wrote in the first movie, I wouldn't watch this movie several times; but still a great movie that deserves a higher rate than 9. A good play of times (past and present) and a good second part. Deserves more than 9 but not 10, at least for me.
Francis Ford Coppola returns to direct this brilliant sequel that matches the original, a stunning achievement. Story continues the saga of the Corleone family, which sees the return of Al Pacino, Diane Keaton, Talia Shire, Robert Duvall, and John Cazale. Robert De Nero joins the cast as a young Vito Corleone, who is forced to leave his native Sicily as a boy, then arrives in New York city, where he grows to be an ambitious man who challenges a local corrupt gangster, takes him out in memorable fashion, then sets up the beginning of his empire. Film contrasts that with the ambitions of his son Michael, who is building his father's business in ways he never would have imagined, but in ways that will come at a very high cost indeed...

Just as engrossing as the first, with a brilliant script and performances. A timeless classic that won Academy Awards for Best Picture(like Part I), supporting actor De Nero, but also for director Coppola himself(overdue!)
There's a plane waiting for us to take us to Miami in an hour, all right? Don't make a big thing about it.

I know it was you, Fredo... You broke my heart... You broke my heart...

I hate being the lone voice of searing ridicule in a throng of glowing adulation, but I must say that I found the Godfather: Part II to be dull, predictable and pointless. The Godfather is a wonderful film with a compelling story arch of a good American war hero being pulled into the depths of organized crime due to his loyalty to family. While Part II makes an attempt to elaborate and deepen this theme it does very little to bring anything new to it. Michael's loss of his family and the fate of his brother Fredo is obvious by the end of the first reel. Such a predictable plot undermines what would otherwise be an interesting sequel to a great film. Only the flashback scenes with Robert DeNiro as a young Vito Corleone has any of the emotion and energy of the original Godfather. If only the rest of the film was written and directed with such flair. I was so disappointed by The Godfather: Part II that I haven't even bothered to see Part III and I have little interest in Coppola's other work to this day.

Robert De Niro is so good an actor that his name itself has become a word in our language. (A good actor, of course.) The way the stories of Vito and Michael are linked is seamless. Al Pacino is not only my favorite actor but also much too good-looking for his own good. The moment he realizes who the traitor is- WOW. That instant captured on film-- it is immortal.
Awesome Movie.

A must watch.

It's long but it's certainly worth it.

Don't worry if you haven't seen the 'Godfather' either as this can certainly be watched as a standalone movie.

The scene setting, especially when filming the New York takes is very good.
In my opinion this is not as good as the first film but is still a highly entertaining sequel this film was released in 1974 two years after The Godfather and the film is a go between the early life of Vito Corleone and also shows how his son Michel is doing after he has became leader of the family business after his father's passing this was a good sequel i recommend just as much as the first one in my opinion it isn't as good but i can see why people would disagree with me. I am yet to see the 3rd chapter in this series i am not confident that it will live up to this of the first one but i am sure it will be good. This film stars Robert De Niro, Al Pacino and Diane Keaton.

****/*****
Best movie of cinema history. Acting,script and directing are awesome

Alongside the first Godfather it's a masterpiece and deserves its place as the greatest movie ever made.
The story is quite good. The comparison of two lines for two generations, one for starting a business and one for keeping success is really impressive. Victor, who grew up without a father or a mother, was humiliated and humiliated, and finally reunited with his family. Mike, who grew up in the warmth of his family, was more selfish until he betrayed his family. Of course, in addition, the actors' interpretation of the role is still very good, flesh and blood, a good sense of watching the movie, and the ending is the finishing touch.
Here we get an insight to both criminal life of mobsters as well as insight to history. This is a pure masterpiece!
Because you'll probably be confused the first time around. It's not a coincidence it stars some of the greatest actors of our time.
If you like deep, strong and realistic movies then I recommend you must watch this movie.acting,screenplay everything looks perfect. This movie deserve to be in greatest movie of all time.
In the struggle between the military police and the revolutionary party, the former is for salary, while the latter is for faith, regardless of life and death, to go through fire and water. Therefore, the revolutionary party will be the final winner.
Three years ago, I watched The first Godfather and while I enjoyed it, I didn't think of it as such a great film, partly citing the roles of Diane Keaton and Talia Shire. Here, they're both still being somewhat underused but Ms. Keaton has a great scene when she reveals what really happened to her upcoming baby and Ms. Shire has a nearly as such scene when she mentions Fredo near the end. Speaking of whom, John Cazale is fine in reprising the role as the weak Corleone brother. And Al Pacino was probably at his very best in this, his second feat at portraying Michael Corleone especially during scenes with his mentor Lee Strasberg as Hyman Roth. Francis Ford Coppola is aces as both the co-writer (with creator Mario Puzo) and director as he handles scenes from both the late '50s concerning Michael and the early 20th century concerning his father Vito, here played in an Oscar-winning turn by Robert De Niro speaking mostly in Italian. So on that note, I highly recommend The Godfather: Part II.
...so this one will have to settle for 10/10. These movies truly are great if 2/3 of the trilogy are on the top 250, as #1 and #3 (as of 2/27/08). This movie was similar to the first in the basic story within the family, also a lot of the characters from the first are in this movie also. However, there are new challenges that cross the Corleone family. There are also new characters, some the family is familiar with and some not. There are also new enemies and obstacles the family face. One of the main differences is that the story does not take place only in New York. In fact, only a fraction is in New York, most takes place in Nevada, Florida, and even Cuba. There seem to be a few different stories within the main plot of this movie. And they all work quite well. This movie will be loved by fans of the first.
The Godfather Part 2 is the greatest sequel ever made and to think at first Francis Ford Coppola was afraid of doing a sequel because he thought it wouldn't be as good as the first part. I love the way he came up with the idea of mixing two stories together Vito's and Michael's .Robert DeNiro was a perfect choice as the young Vito Corleone and it was interesting to see how Vito became the Don and how he came in contact with Clemenza and Tessie.so if you want to see the best movie sequel ever made look no further then The Godfather Part 2 it's an offer you can't refuse the only think I don't think was fair was Al Pacino not winning an Oscar as Michael Corleone but besides that I think this movie is a masterpiece well deserving of the academy awards it won.
Again, what can be said that hasn't already been said?

The acting and direction are flawless, and we get a clearer view of The Family and their background. I've never felt de Niro's performance was Oscar winning because his part in the movie simply isn't big enough, but he should easily have won several others for other performances over the years.

If anything, the plot is more complex and involving than the first film. Pacino's change from the first film is revolutionary, and Cazale is perfect as the unfortunate Fredo, and the rest of the massive cast are excellent. Don Fanucci is a great addition to the story, and has my favourite line-'just enough to wet my beak'. 10 out of 10
Great movie still holds up well today. Cinematography top notch, acting amazing from whole cast, directing on point, casting fantastic. Couldn't ask for anything better.
I don´t know why I like the first film a bit more then this.Still this is almost as good and it´s a really powerful film.The acting is masterful by Al Pacino and I was VERY impressed by Robert De Niro´s acting who deserved his Oscar for best Supporting Actor.It´s the same music as in the first film,and that music is fantastic.This film is over three hours but it´s not a bit boring and even if I have heard that the godfather part three can´t compare with the first two films I can´t wait to see it.This film is a beautiful epic.5/5


At 200 minutes, the second installment in the timeless "Godfather" saga is the longest. And it just isn't quite as good as the delectable original. That being said, it definitely ranks right up there. With a broader, more epic storyline showing the parallels between father Vito (Robert De Niro in his best performance yet) and son Michael (the always, in these films, spot-on Al Pacino), GP2 fascinates audiences with its ingeniously undetectable staging and darker story (Kiss of Death and all).

It looks and feels only slightly different from the original, but the difference is good. This is not an attempt to capitalize on its predecessor. Nor is it an effort to repeat that classic. It is simply an expansion of the saga, another bookmark in the great tome of American cinema. And nothing any nay-sayer can... well, say, can change that.
I love this film. I found out its acting is still out of the blue. To be honest I thought it was better than part 1. The soundtrack is full out upgrade. I don't the cinematography,though. It's not convincing a film has a good CGI if they don't use any. Overall, I though it was great, but I don't fully understand the plot.
If the Godfather is a masterpiece then this is a "grand-masterpiece". How often do you see a work of perfection in movies? After watching this movie,you can (at least) answer "once". The movie is the sequel and prequel to The Godfather as you all must know and shows the rise of Vito and Michael Corleone in two separate story lines. In this movie we see the rise of Vito Corleone to become The Godfather and how Michael Corleone expands his family business but we also see his moral degradation.In the Godfather we see Vito Corleone has no regrets for his deeds because he had maintained his virtues but in this movie Michael regrets his deeds very much because he has morally degraded(which we see at the end).This is a fair depiction of "changing times". If you want to see a movie that leaves you with doubts about right and wrong ,justice and injustice ,hero and villain ;do watch this movie.
In fact, it's more than just a 'sequel'- it stands on it's own as a masterpiece of film making. Al Pacino is at his best, as is Mr. Coppola and his team of camera people and musicians and actors. Everyone in it shines, particularly the remainder of the Corleone family. I won't go into plot, I'll just praise it to high heaven and hope that if you haven't seen this, you'll buy the DVD TONIGHT to check it out. Amazing.

This is the weak middle part of a not so hot trilogy. "The Godfather" was great, this one was okay and "Part 3" was bad. "Part 2" is too long and often uninteresting. The scenes between Michael and Kay drag the movie to a halt. The storyline between Michael and brother Fredo plays out in an unbelievable way. Despite all the famous lines, the scenes don't ring true. Michael hates Fredo inside at the ball but wants to save him minutes later on the street. Only to hate him again when they get home. And they constantly refer to Marlon Brando. They must say "Papa" or "Pop" 40 times. Constantly reminding the audience that the first movie was better is not a good move. When I was a kid I wanted "The Towering Inferno" to win Best Picture because I thought it was a better movie. I still do. "Chinatown" should have won that year. Coppola's own "The Conversation" is also a lot better than "Part 2" and was a worthy candidate for the award.

A new invention at its release, The-Godfather (72) spawned many more mob movies, some just as masterful (GoodFellas MillersCrossing). But unlike T2-Judgment-Day (The-Terminator), Aliens (Alien), Bride (Frankenstein) & Ugly (Dollars), some of film's best sequels, Part-II is not a new idea on a familiar story. It doesn't build upward, only widens the saga with Michael now turning mean as he raises the body count to consolidate power, his dead soul reborn in the "misunderstood" 3rd film in the trilogy, Godfather-Part-III (90). The history of the Corleone family's arrival in early 1900s NYC (DeNiro Kirby Moschin) & Cuba cake-cutting scenes are memorable (2.5./4).


Everything about this movie is equal to the first one. In my opinion the only thing that makes the first one better is Marlon Brando. But this one is a close second. Robert Duvall, Al Pacino, and Diane Keaton continue to do an amazing job. What i enjoyed most was the transition of Michael corleone from what seemed to be a good guy in the first movie, to a villain by the end of the 2nd film. Again, another long movie that can be somewhat hard to endure its length. But thats definitely not from a lack of drama. If you like drama, this is the movie for you. Male or female, old or young, this movie should interest you.
Usually sequels either flop hard or do incredible. This one is incredible!

This had the perfect setup after the first Godfather film. This film has another amazing plot, acting, characters etc. And another film I could re watch a thousand times and it wouldn't get old!
Continuing with Corleone's family, now Michael Corleone is the Godfather. While his father was wise and thoughtful (though merciless) Michael is brutal, impetuous and threatening. We are able to see how the power corrupts Michael and he begins to become more lonely and desperate, like in a Shakespeare writing facts makes the character to get close to his fatal destiny. Meanwhile, the director show us, perfectly, how Vito was able to become the first Corleone's Godfather. All the actors are just impressive, with enormous acting for great characters. All of them play their parts with a thrilling strenght and follow a so powerful history that makes it one of the best film ever and, by far, the best second part ever filmed. It is just a perfect masterpiece.
From positive things I read about Godfather 2, some people saying it outdoes the original, I finally got around to watching it, this being the longest one, where 1 and 3 have the exact same running time, which would be annoying to some watchers of the third, disappointing instalment. Too here I got to see Deniro, in his award winning performance, every bit brilliant of his truly deserved Oscar. Now really into being an organizer, Michael Corleone has expanded his business into other countries. He too, in still in that falling out with his brother, Fredo (the likable late Cazale) refusing to forgive and forget. Good news, Michael later does, to a fitting tune. What I can say about the Godfather 2, it didn't disappointment me, one iota. I enjoyed it more than I truly thought I would. In some ways it's better than the original, but on the whole it isn't. It's equal. A truly good sequel, but more that that, it's a finely made film, engrossing, with no faults of any kind. I think viewers who haven't seen this, will be quite surprised, while also you have another opportunity to watch two acting greats, truly deliver.
To be totally honest the movie, didn't take me right away. As in part one, the movie starts off very slow in my opinion. This might due to the time this movie was made. Although having this feeling in the middle of the movie, I still enjoyed the cinematography and the actors work. After the last scenes I totally tought differently to parts before and I had this post-movie experience where I truly enjoyed and rewatched or read the plot. This is definitely one of those movies everyone should atleast try. If you liked part I, there is no going around on this one. I might have enjoyed this one more! Probably the best sequel I have ever watched until now!
The Godfather ll is a great film , although i'm not sure about it being the 7th best of all time as rated by the IMDB revewers. The most striking thing about this film is not really the story line because i'm not sure that is as good as it could be , the thing that stands out is the acting. In my opinion Robert de Niro and Pacino are the world best actors( De Niro just shading it)and this just proves my point. De Niro takes on his first real Major movie part as a young Vito Corleone taking on the characteristics of role that Marlon Brando started in the first film and Al Pacino carry's on his role as the son Michael Corleone therefore the two greats never meet in this film. 3 hours 10 minutes is maybe a little to long but never the less this film is still a great sequel. 8 out of 10.
I saw someone say it's too good to be labelled a sequel to The Godfather, and instead should be seen as a companion piece. I completely agree.

Robert De Niro's performance (both his acting and the whole story of his character) might be the best I've ever seen. He is simply unbelievable.

Al Pacino is a different Michael Corleone from the first movie, but plays him to perfection. However, I do actually prefer that character from the first simply due to the way he changes over the course of it.

Regardless, it is a must-see, and I challenge anyone to find a better performance than De Niro in this.
Very few sequels can hold a candle to their predecessor. This movie can stand tall on it's own OR as a sequel, a feat almost never achieved
Too long and too slow. I have to put so much effort to care about the characters. May be because I really don't know any of the actors? If it was not supposed to be the greatest film ever made then perhaps I would not even complete the trilogy. Of course it has many good things but for me there are many more better films than this.
Very good movie . showed how the real society actually looks like.
Must watch.Acting, Cinematography every small details.super
Hello!!!

I had rated "Godfather II" a 9 way back probably approximately 5 years Now available on show time, extended version, I bumped it up to a 10.
What makes this movie movie so amazing is not the fact that it works as a sequel to the greatest movie of all time, The Godfather. But the fact that it can be a movie on its own that is as good as the original, and if not it is better than the godfather.

The sequel opens up with the same charismatic performances as the last one, obviously Al Pacino has solidified himself as one of the best actors ever because of the performance he gave here. Michael Corleone has grown into so much more than just a movie character, he represents a new creation to all fictional characters ever. This movie runs at a break neck speed, it clocks at 3 hours, but feels like an hour movie, just like the first one. That is what makes the godfather moves so great, and Francis Ford Cappola and Mario Puzo geniuses.
Love this Franchise, Love this Franchise, Love this Franchise, Love this Franchise, Love this Franchise, Love this Franchise, Love this Franchise,Love this Franchise.
If you read my review of The Godfather you'd know I was very impressed. And so, when I heard people saying this film was even better than the original, I was rather skeptical. After all, this film doesn't have any Marlon Brando in it, and he was arguably the best part of the original, and more than that, any film topping The Godfather is an impressive task which few films are capable of pulling off, what with how good that film is, nevermind the film's own sequel. However, upon watching this film, I have to say, this film might actually be better than the original Godfather. It's hard to say definitely because they are such different films, and myself, I can't really say which film is better due to said difference, but there are certainly elements here that work better than they did in the original Godfather, and at the very least the two films are comparable in terms of quality (and trust me even that is high praise).
I had watched "The Godfather 2" last night and i found it good but it was a fall short from the 1st one. The original has its own speciality that i didn't found in this one. The reason that the movie was not good as the 1st one was its "excessive length".

It has a long 200 minutes long run that i think should be reduced the film was quite started boring after 3 hours its excessive length makes it a bit Uncomfortable.

But it still a quite drama MASTERPIECE as the acting was good I missed vito corleone but its younger version was also good.

And the story was simple and good to watch the direction by " Francis D Coppola " was good. Overall a one time watch movie not proceeding the first one but good at its place and forgettable.


This is without a doubt, the best sequel ever made, and it will probably never be topped. Robert De Niro steels the show as a young Vito Corleone, which won him his first oscar.

Al Pacino should have won Best Actor, but he didn't. The Godfather 2 also adds some new sides to it's characters, which is what I liked best(particularly Vito's bloody rise to power). 10/10
Often considered the greatest sequel ever made The Godfather 2 is an excellent film in its own right and an even better companion to the first Godfather. The Godfather Part II is a more ambitious production than the original since it attempts not only to tell a pair of completely disconnected stories, but to do so in parallel. The less time consuming of the two presents the early life of Vito Corleone (played by Robert DeNiro) in Sicily and New York, and shows how he came into power. The other tale picks up approximately a decade after the conclusion of The Godfather, and shows the means by which Michael Corleone (Al Pacino), now secure in his position, attempts to expand the family empire into Las Vegas and Cuba. Few sequels have expanded upon the original with the faithfulness and detail of this one. The Godfather 2 is a masterpiece and should be a must watch for any serious cinema lover.
In my opinion The Godfather ii is the greatest movie ever to be created. There's nothing wrong with any of it, there's no useless scenes, and it's extremely entertaining. Al Pacino should've won the Oscar.
Just as perfect as the first. It is a bit long, but there are multiple storylines and there are plenty of places where the movie pauses and you can take a break.
I personally feel like the first Godfather movie is better, probably because it has Vito Corleone (this movie was not the same without him). While Godfather Part II really shows Michael's stress with carrying his father's syndicate and dealing with the problems in his family, I just feel like it was too slow. Yes, it took its time but there also wasn't much that happened. I didn't have a reason to care for what happened to the characters, everyone except Michael and Tom. I did love seeing Tom stay loyal to Mike and Michael use his wisdom and critical thinking to make good choices and see who betrayed him, but what did it do for him in the long run? Is he just going to keep killing everyone close to him because this business means so much to him? I wanted to love this movie more... Maybe it's because I was extremely tired and had to force myself to sit through it that I didn't notice what made it good, but it's really nothing special to me.
I managed to tolerate the first but this one was an insult! I am not faulting the acting, just the film in general. It expects viewers to understand about the Mafia, and want to watch as these mundane characters speak in a secret coded language in Italian. I have forced myself through this film and would think it a cruel personal punishment to force myself to consider watching the third one. There must be other people out there who dislike this film as I do...? When comparing this film to others of a similar time (or before) I can still not understand its appeal. I can not believe any of this trilogy can make it into the top ten, let alone be people's favourite film!
This movie is really boring, nothing happens, no energy, it's not a bad movie, it could be between the best 1000th movies of all time but 3?! number 3 in the list of top 250 movies of all time, that is sure overrated...

I have nothing to say cause nothing happens in this movie, it took me 2 days to watch it cause i got bored after every 10 minutes of it
It's soo close to Beat part 1 of The Godfather trilogy. If The Godfather is the greatest movie of all time, part 2 is the second greatest movie of all time and the world's best sequel of all time. Just watch it!

An actual masterpiece this is the best piece of cinema I've ever consumed nothing compares The Godfather is such a beautiful and dark piece of fiction this is a work of art.
Probably one of the greatest film of history 10/10


I had avoided watching this sequel for twenty years,fearful I would prefer it over the original. How wrong I was! Unlike most of the reviewers here who can't seem to gush effusively enough over this film, I feel it is a good distance behind the original. Here we have the overrated Al Pacino acting as if in a trance, stone-faced,humorless and cold-blooded, the epitome of egomania Nothing matters to him except crooked power and greed. A truly unsavory person.a rotten husband and father,he leaves little to admire,unlike his predecessor. Robert DeNiro gives another one of his elliptical performances. John Cazale as Fredo and Michael Gazzo as Freddie save the movie from being downright boring. What was the plot? Who cares?







I love Al Pacino because of this movie. He was good in several other films but never again offered the understated genius of this role. Pacino played many parts that could have been performed better by other actors (Any Given Sunday, Sea of Love, Dick Tracy, et al). Even in his acclaimed performances, he over-acted. Right? But only Coppola could contain Pacino's smoldering essence of Michael Corleone. He said as much with his eyes as his lines. Nowadays, Godfather 1 & 2 are i chronological narrative within one story and are the very best in Cinema history (imho). The story, the sets, the camera shots, the music, the cast, the script, the story, the performances - none other can match this standard.
Incredibly overrated mess of a movie that just never ends. I heard Al Pacino said it's his most difficult role and I think I understand why. Having poker face in every scene must be really tough. Figuring out the plot was never this hard, but the hardest part is to give a damn, this movie surely cures insomnia I'm not kidding.

Just like old songs, maybe only older people born in this movie age could enjoy it. I hate everything, culture, colors, style, dressing, sounds, devices... There is too much ordinary boring political talk. Seriously, more boring that listening to those politicians in any country. I gave it few stars because there are funny parts, a bit of action, etc. But most is just boring. And additional complaint is that this movie lasts 3.5 hours! So long, complicated, bad!
The Godfather II takes two compelling stories and weaves them together. Once again, Francis Ford Coppola makes a film that is interesting and emotional. Better than the original? Maybe - it's one of the few times that you can argue that point.
Needless to say, one of the best movies ever made.
Part II continues the epic crime saga of the Corleone family. This time, we have an amazing performance by Robert De Niro, who shows he can do so much with such limited dialogue. Vito Corleone is a true icon as far as characters go. Pacino is once again great, but I did find his performance in Part 1 more of an achievement. The highlights are the flashbacks of the past life of Don Vito, probably the best scenes in the saga so far. However, I found Part II more inconsistent and ultimately at times less intriguing than Part I. However, it still makes up for a great story. Amazing cinematography, direction, score, and performances.Should I bother with Part III?
I know this movie is prized as a masterpiece, but it's far from it in my opinion. I did watch it whole, the unnecessarily long three and half hours, and it felt well paced, but it could definitely be shorter. The acting is interesting is good and the atmosphere of the movie it's also one of it's strongest points, but not so the photography in terms of composition. As the first, I think the plot is weak, it's unnecessarily long and it leaves me with a sense of being incomplete and disjointed. Not a bad movie at all, but I strongly disagree with the high ratings and reviews on this movie. Again, and I know it's not a popular one, this is my opinion. PD: special mention to the ridiculous floor explosion product of a shotgun shot

The Godfather saga continues as Michael is trying to legitimize the Corleone Family as the new Don and wipes out all of his enemies. You also get to see a backstory of Vito Andolini, Michael's father which is really fantastic. You discover how Vito came into America, how the Corleone Family was formed, how Vito took revenge etc. This movie has several sad scenes - Vito's mother's death, Fredo's death, Kay abandoning Michael and many others. The fans of the first movie in this epic trilogy will definitely enjoy watching the sequel. Robert De Niro does an awesome job by starring as the young Vito on the rise. Returning actors like Diane Keaton, Robert Duvall, James Caan, John Cazale, Talia Shire, Gianni Russo and many others also did an amazing job on the movie. Is it better than the original? Maybe, maybe not.
Long movie but excellent! Al Pacino and Robert De Niro were great in this movie!
I liked it better than the first one, but I still think it's overrated. It is unfair that Pacino didn't win an Oscar for the role of Michael, because he definitely deserved one. Brando won it for the first movie and De Niro for this one, but, in my opinion, Pacino was better than both of them.

8/10
I'm divided on whether the flashback structure complements the film's goals or whether it is just distracting. On one hand, it shows a direct comparison between the early life of Vito and Michael. On the other hand, the time skips keep interrupting the flow of the film. Personally, I feel that Vito's prequel story was far more interesting and the time skips weren't timed with good purpose so I lean a bit towards the "distracting" interpretation. The story is quite different from The Godfather and it really feels like a new film that is not tied down by its predecessor, which is good. The style and cinematography are even better than the original, especially in Vito's story. However, it suffers from the same pacing issues as the first film and I would not call it a masterpiece.
Impossible to watch just one time, a classic mafia's movie, i recommend.
I really enjoyed watching Part II, but I would not say it was as good or better than Part I. In Part I, there is the story of the descent of Michael into the "family business". Part II is more like a good mafia story without much more. Only at the end, does Michael see the consequences of his choices but is so deeply trapped that he no longer cares. I liked the ending of the first story, leaving us only to imagine Michael's future. I was also much more confused by the Hyman conspiracy plot. On the plus side, I appreciated the flashbacks much more. It was a great insight into the man that was to become Don Corleone. I wonder how great the movie would have been if they merely expanded on that storyline.

The Godfather was a hard act to follow. It had an enthralling plot and the acting was second to none. So, when part two was released, you could be forgiven for being sceptical back in the seventies. But this film was and still is pure class. With the death of Don Vito Corleone, Michael had to inherit the title, and he did it well. It covers everything you could think of and Robert De Niro is brilliance as the young Vito. Excellent.


Godfather 2 is another masterpiece from coppola and it can be argued which part is better first one or this one,both of them had incredible cast,script that is astonishing and stories that are so brilliantly made and told,godfather 2 is also one of best sequels ever made and it can be felt like they were able to improve if that is even possible some staff from first film,de niro as young vito was also brilliant and he was able to hold hes own in playing character that brando made iconic,pacino was also better here and he was able to sold every moment of tension and anger in every scene he was in,godfather 2 is another brilliantly made film and one of best made ever


"Its like sayin' that you have the recipe of Coca-Cola but you wouldn't make another bottle" Mario Puzo said this when Francis Coppola refused to make this movie. The initial scene in this movie was inspired by many movies, which I'd refuse to disclose to avoid spoilers. Even these days we find a Part -2 of a movie would feature a similar screenplay but this isn't the case in Godfather 2 movie. It is both a sequel and a prequel of the first . It shows what happens before Godfather part-1 and what happens after. Robert Niro's role as the vibrant young Vito matches Brando's' Don Vito in the first. I would suggest the movie lovers to watch after GF part 1 so as to understand the characters better . Also I highly recommend to watch both completes this epic.
I watched this film for the first time ever with very high expectations after seeing Part 1 last month... Wow Part 1 was way better than this. This film was choppy and badly edited! At one point I seen a "Dead" body breathing! Part 1 was like a ride into the Mafia world and was a bit scary, this was just slow and choppy no action! The Godfather Part 1 is so good that this entire review is about it cause I could careless about The Godfather Part 2. There's a reason it's ranked higher than this, and Part 2 shouldn't even be in a Top 250. I suggest you watch The Godfather Part1, then skip this and watch Goodfellas, then watch The Godfather Part 3.
One of the most pained movie experiences I have ever had. Gives that usual feeling of a movie being made because the first series installment went over so well. Masterpieces can't be done twice. The plot was so drawn out and dry, I recall legitamatley falling asleep at one point and having to rewatch some of it. Wish there was only one Godfather movie.
The Godfather was a landmark for cinema! So When I heard there was a sequel to a movie I loved I was confused what could Top whats considered the best film of all time. Well The Godfather got a 9/10 for me but The Godfather Part II gets a 10/10 for me! I think this film is even better than the original In every way. The timings better as it is longer than the original but it feels like It had to be long as It tells 2 stories One between Micheal Becoming Taking his fathers role of The Godfather and the other (And in my opinion when it really shines) About the life of young Vito. Who can possibly play the Oscar winning Marlon Brando, The Oscar winning Robert De Niro. I prefer de Niro over Brando so It was so nice to see him in his 2nd movie. This film won 3 more awards than the original and was the first sequel to win best picture the original Also won best picture. It's in my top 5 favorite films and If you have not watched give it a watch I cant find anything wrong with it.
This is film is excellent. Don't get me wrong. I just found myself far more entertained with the first. Deniro's scenes as a young Pacino were brilliant, and I wish more time woudl have been spent detailing his rise towards superiority and the highest respect of all who surrounded him. I certainly recommend watching this film, but unlike the first, I don't feel it the kind of movie that I would want to watch over and over again.
The dark yet linear storytelling of Mike with his father's slow rise is the perfect matchup for the plot. Just a very few sequels can hold a candle to their predecessor. This movie can stand tall on it's own or as a sequel, a rare achievement.

The Godfather Part II is in a league of its own as a film. It is perhaps the best sequel for a movie given its predecessor was The Godfather. Al Pacino is incredible in his portrayal as the young Don who is trying to keep both his 'families' in check. Then we have the nostalgic and mesmerising flashbacks with Vito Corleone to show us how it all began. The story is beautifully told. This is an intelligent and complex one so viewers need to follow it closely to fully appreciate it. I feel this film is a stronger and better film than The Godfather due to its intricacies of its story and the enemies Michael faces. A film of epic proportions and quality.
The Godfather pt. 2 devotes a great deal of its story to the ways Michael (Al Pacino) and Vito (Bob De Niro) ran the family business. Jumping back and forth from the past to the present, Coppola captures early Italian America from the jammed city streets to the busy side walks of the Italian villages in Brooklyn. One of the greatest sequels of a film, the Godfather pt.2 is worthy to the original. Bob De Niro does more than an excellent job of portraying a young Marlon Brando in this film.
An perfect follow up to the original. An epic story past and present. A pity Clamenza wasn't in it but otherwise a class film.
The godfather part II is as good as the original, it's more lengthy and it's because of another whole different plot of Vito as kid up til he's the Don we saw in part I. Even though I enjoyed it and Robert Deniro killed it as young vito, I found it to be unnecessary and out of place, as it has no bearing on the actual present storyline. it could be a feature movie of itself and it'd have work much better.

Everything that makes the original great is here, the cinematography and dim photography, good score, terrific acting, suspense, drama, great story, you name it.
I really don't know what is so special about this boring movie I cannot see anything interesting, I'am Literally forcing myself to finish it. I mean 3 hours is TOO MUCH. This is my opinion, The whole movie is about the same idea which is killing the betrays without knowing or fully understanding the reason of these murders.
Being engaged in this movie for the full 3 and a half hour runtime is largely dependent on you thinking Pt. 1 was great and having a big connection to the characters/finding sympathy or having a stake in the Mafia's survival. Unfortunately, I didn't, and found the new Mafia leader to be unlikable and short-tempered compared to the leader from Pt. 1. People who loved Pt. 1 will enjoy this film and the backstory it provides, but for me it was a slog.


If you have not seen the first movie you won't understand this one fully. In fact it continues the Corleone story almost without break, with Don Vito's son taking brilliantly the role of his father. A few well inserted flashbacks will help you to understand better the biography of Don Vito thus completing a few aspects the first movie had left in the obscurity. The rest is the usual story of the struggle for power among mafia families but very well told in a captivating way. Which doesn't prevent the director to go on presenting those gangsters like human beings with their family problems interfering sometimes with their criminal activities. Murder is an ordinary event normally used to punish a betrayal but also to attain the gangsters' purposes in the attainment of their businesses. Although the acting lacks the superb performance of a sacred monster like Marlon Brando in the first part of this saga, it's good enough and all players do their parts convincingly well with special prominence to Al Pacino and Diane Keaton.
This movie was great!! Just as good as part 1. I was amazed at how long this movie was and how good it was. The GODFATHER is now Al Pacino's character. He was menacing. It's amazing how innocent he was at the beginning of part 1 and then he became more dark and ruthless toward the end. He even did unspeakable things. That dude who played Fredo was also in DOG DAY AFTERNOON. I am sure that he and Al were friends. Nobody can make movies like Francis. The best parts of this were the flashbacks to Bobby DeNiro as Vito Corleone. That was just amazing. I have seldom seen a movie as good as the GODFATHER. Way to go Francis. Way to go everybody!

It took me a long time to get around to The Godfather, even longer for G2. I've gotten to like The Godfather very much. I'm not a De Niro guy, so this one's not as interesting for me, plus, in it's own way, it's harsher than the original. But I'm not into mob movies in general so I'm sure it meets all the requirements for the gangster aficionados.

I found myself enjoying the young Vito Corleone arc with Deniro much much more than Al Pacino's arc. Much of the movie is boring but the good parts are very memorable. I think it's a bit much that this movie is IMDb's 4th best ranked movie, it was way too long. But I guess I can't deny the significance of the Godfather films.
I took a curious path heading towards this movie. I saw Part I, for the first time, a couple of months ago, saw part III about a month ago, and finally Part II just this past week. The Godfather Part II is of course better than Part III in so many ways, but the first one will always be the superior. Now, I have to say though, that I really didn't find the movie as strong as the original, and I'm surprised that so many people think they're both equal when clearly they're not. II starts to suffer from over-bloatedness (which III had in spades). I wasn't involved in the Robert Deniro backstory as some people, I was somewhat groaning when we were going back in time.. But in the present time, like when Al Pacino is on the screen, THAT I enjoyed. I think Pacino is at his best here, since he knows the character so well. Keaton and all the rest of them are great too. Oh and Robert Duvall. Can't get enough of Duvall either as Tom Hagen, who actually, by far, is my favorite of all the characters in the Godfather movies.
The Godfather: Part II is the continuation of The Godfather, which would continue the story of Michael Corleone, we see in the film a Robert de Niro new at the beginning of his career still, with a great performance, photography is still very good, the soundtrack is The Godfather: Part II of the first level, but unfortunately the Godfather trilogy. The Godfather: Part II of the first level, but unfortunately the Godfather trilogy. I've never been so surprised, I still think of films like Topfaces and Scarface, but it's only a matter of opinion, since The Godfather: Part II is a very award-winning film and acclaimed by the public and criticizes, and its quality is really great, and will always be a reference to Future films. Note 8.7
The second movie was significantly better. I loved the two stories about how the Corleone empire was built in the past and how the empire was crumbling in the present. Continuing from the first movie, Al Pacino's Michael Corleone showed his growth and how he became what he sworn not to be. Again, Al Pacino was phenomenal as the the man who tried to keep his family together. The runtime was 20 minutes longer than the first, but it didn't feel as dragging because the story was more complexed and fascinating. Overall, an awesome and contemplative look at the legacy of The Godfather. 9/10.
"The Godfather, Part II" moves both forward and backward in time from the events in "The Godfather," in an attempt to resolve our feelings about the Corleones. In doing so, it provides for itself a structural weakness from which the film never recovers, but it does something even more disappointing: It reveals a certain simplicity in Coppola's notions of motivation and characterization that wasn't there in the elegant masterpiece of his earlier film.

I'm sure any film maker will tell you that if you produce a film widely considered to be great,you are taking quite a risk when you consider a sequel to that film,because you always run the risk of disappointing that audience that you wowed with the first film.Many have taken the risk and did just that.They disappointed the audiences and left a sour taste in their mouths.Not so here.Francis Ford Copolla,in making this follow up to The Godfather,made a genius move.He not only gave us a great follow up story to the one that won us over two years earlier,he interwove it with how the story of the Corleones came to be.Any sequel to a successful film is a risky move,but Copolla took the gamble and it paid off and then some.Easily the best sequel ever made.
There's not a single flaw I can find in this film. Flawless acting, brilliant direction, a superlative story, phenomenal score... Everything's here. The rise of Vito presented in direct contrast with the fall of Michael is presented in absolutely perfect fashion. Not a single minute (of the 200 +) passes where you lose interest. Best movie I've ever seen.
the godfather part 2 is an absolutely flawless film you could even say it is better than the original the story is incredible and the makes sense the screenplay is amazing and realistic and the characters are perfect as well the acting from all the cast is just fantastic and i can't believe Al Pacino didn't win an Oscar for his cold and amazing performance as Michael Corleone and Robert DeNiro is amazing in his role as young Vito John Cazale also delivers an incredible performance as Fredo Corleone the direction is amazing and Frances Ford Coppopla did an incredible job as a director the cinematography is incredible the score is amazing the godfather part 2 is one of the best films ever made and is one of the few that is completely perfect a log with the first godfather 10/10 an masterpiece


I know that there has to be some justice in this life, so everyone will pay for their sins and crimes someday. I shudder when I think what will happen to these folks for killing the "Godfather" franchise. "Part III" is a shame of a movie, but NOTHING compared to what this piece of garbage is. The other two movies acknowledged that killing or hurting people was a conscious choice that was painfully taken; in this one it is as if violence was fun and part of life. There are so many wrong things about this film it is useless to count them. What a disgrace of a movie. This doesn't even qualify as "so bad it is good". This is merely "so bad it is bad". 7/10.
This movie was the best I ever Watch,, It's really hard not to re whatch it again,, But I'm sure I will even tho I've never re watched a movie but redemption of shawshank,, Best trilogy ever mad 👍🏻


I agree with many reviewers that this film is not a sequel to the Godfather I but rather whole new film with whole new cast and new, fresh plot. Al Pacino and De Niro shine in this film and it is interesting to watch how the plot writers succeeded in making a whole new and fantastic film out of same theme as the first part.

It is difficult to add more then it is already written about this film by the professional critics and other reviewers. I will just have to refer you to read as much about this film that it has already been written and to watch it over and over again.

Just as in the first part I wonder how much of it could of happen in the real life. I guess some probably, but how much? It is for you to answer...
Isn't it difficult enough to make a film as good as "The Godfather"? For Coppola and Puzo, perhaps not. All the surviving characters from the first installment return in this bravura masterpiece, each of them seems to be growing tragically colder as they age. In the first, the plot exercised the relationship of a mobster father (Brando) and his son (Pacino) following in his footsteps; this time, prequel sections of the film exercise the similarities and difference between the two men in seemingly two different worlds. Robert De Niro made his career off of his Oscar-winning role as young Vito Corleone. First sequel to win an Oscar.

**** (out of four)
An unforgettable classic, a real benchmark. The performances, the direction, the music. All of It it's just on the same right, miraculous path of Triumph. Masterpiece.
Incredible performances, Coppola's directing and a great story packed with meaning. What more could you want. The Godfather part 2 isn't just a sequel to what I believe to be the great movie of all time, but a masterpiece on its own.
The juxtaposition of young Vito building the family and Michael tearing it apart continues the corruption arc of Michael's character and adds a refresshing new layer to the film's story and pace (whenever it seems like it's about to get boring it cuts to young Vito and quickly picks up again).

Robert De Niro is the easy standout, but I have to give credit to John Cazale for his heartbreaking (get it?) performance as Fredo. The scene where he says he's smart and wants respect alwas hits me hard.

Also, I've never see as much geniune rage in an actor's face as in the scene where Michael fights with Kay. Al Pacino is beyond incredible.
While the first movie had a lot of freshness and intensity, this movie is explaining the rise of Vito and Michael with more detail and explanation, so that it is taking a much longer breathing to say it. The mixture of past and present may work for some, but it didn't work for me. I had the feeling the film was repeating itself constantly with past and present, even when the scenes with Vito Corleone weren't that good and a bit too cliché and strangely comical. I don't understand why this film is rated to high.
The first Godfather movie is one of the greatest movies ever made, bar none. But someone Francis Ford Coppola and Mario Puzo are able to raise the bar even further with their follow up effort. The story of Michael Corleone, Vito Corleone and the rest of their crime family is expanded in this movie. There is 2 story lines going on at the same time. In what is supposed to be the present day you have Michael taking the family and it's interests to Nevada. In a flashback part of the movie you have Robert DeNiro taking over the Brando role as Don Vito from his roots in Sicily to when he came to America and then eventually rising in power as a young gangster in New York City. Al Pacino as Michael is one of the greatest on screen performances of all time.
The Godfather part II is another one of the brilliant movies of all time. This is at the moment at number 3 on the top 250 best movies. This is a fantastic movie, i really enjoyed it. Robert De Niro as got to be one of the fantastic actors ever. He was brilliant i think in the 2nd godftaher movie. I give this movie 10 out of 10.
The classic Godfather in its part 2, presents us with an improved plot compared to the first. This film discusses the history of Italian families who settled in the USA. However, some of these becoming part of a mafia, the so famous Italian mafia with its mannerisms and peculiarities of Italian culture. It is precisely the Corleone family that is presented in two phases, alternating between the present time with Michel and the past with Vito, this one from his childhood until reaching its peak. While Michel's story is about his conflicts, threats, enemies, deaths, promises, money ... And everything else you can think of. The film is long, but without creating monotony, being pleasant to watch.

Movie seen on May 16, 2020
The Godfather part II is the only sequel I have seen that is better than the first. It was an amazing movie that kept my attention despite it's 200 minute running time. Fine performances by Al Pacino, Diane Keaton, and Robert De Niro made tis movie one of my all time favorites.

Francis Coppola and Mario Puzo continue their epic saga into the lives of the infamous Corleone family, which is headed by Michael Corleone (Al Pacino). It is a film which does better than its predessor, "The Godfather". The film flip-flops graciously and beautifully between Michael's struggle over the family business and the life of young Vito Corleone (Robert De Niro, in a brilliant, Oscar-winning performance) in his rise to power as well. Robert Duvall, Diane Keaton, Lee Strassberg, and John Cazale give excellent supporting performances. Carmine Coppola's and Nino Rota's score is a masterpiece of music. The movie is expertly filmed and the cinematography is superb.
What's the point here? Michael distrusts everyone and again have most of everyone killed. Michael turned darker and darker as if he wasn't sinister enough already. I like the DeNiro segment much better. At least he demonstrated a person we can empathize with. Not so with Michael. I know of no one (thank God) like him and same for most of us. His is a totally disgusting,inhuman character without redemption. Why should we even watch over half of the movie with him in it if we don't like the character? It was at least interesting in the first movie that we get to witness the transformation of "that's my family (not me),Kate" Michael to cold killer mastermind. Since he had become that, what's the point of watching this character losing more of his humanity as if he had some left. Good thing must be said about the production thought, it was even more sumptuously filmed and choreographed than the original. But that's the only credible thing. By the way has anyone notice Diane Keatin never appear again after getting slapped (a single great shot to the cheek) by Michael?
There's so many good things in this movie it's ridiculous. Great performances all around from Al Pacino, Talia Shire, Diane Keaton, Robert Duvall, Lee Strasburg, John Cazale and especially from Robert DeNiro who is the only one who could fill Marlon Brando's shoes. DeNiro does such a great job at acting as Brando's Vito Corleone that he won an Oscar. The first time two actors won an Oscar for playing the same character. Great writing by Mario Puzo and Francis Ford Coppola. Highly under-appreciated but great acting by Richard Bright and Bruno Kirby in bit parts. A well written score is a staple of this movie. Flawless directing of the two coinciding stories of young Vito Corleone and his aging son Michael as the heads of a powerful mob family. I especially love the scenes of young Vito Corleone as an up and coming mobster and wish there were more of them. I would have liked to know the orgins of Luca Brasi, Johnny Fontaine, and Tom Hagen. As well as Sonny's rise to power. The book covers Luca Brasi's orgins with the Corleone's but... This is a worthy sequel to the flawless movie The Godfather. Awesome.


While Part 1 flew over my head a bit, Part 2 hit much closer to home. More visceral and cerebral, Part 2 is more epic.

The Godfather is a riveting film, completely immersing the viewer in the world of organized crime. One of the best movies ever made. Its sequel feels overly long and tedious, with characters and situations I didn't care about. The empathy for Michael Corleone has been drained completely, and with the exception of Tom Hagen, none of his underlings is nearly as interesting as those from the first film. Michael's antagonists are also uninteresting. The dullest character is Hyman Roth, who has NONE of the menacing charisma of the gangsters from the first film. The first film is steeped in Italian culture and family relationships, giving the characters a dimensionality that's completely missing from that of Roth. Lee Strasberg's performance is utterly lifeless. Watching him is like watching paint dry. I will say that the sequences with Robert DeNiro depicting the rise of Vito Corleone are good, but they don't make up for the boring aspects of what happens to Michael.
This is the sequel/prequel to The Godfather and it is as good as the original or better. I don't know which one is better. While this movie has the better story line, the first has Marlon Brando in his now famous role. Regardless this is much of a masterpiece as the first one and it has better acting and story line then the original. This movie won a well deserved Best Picture Oscar but John Cazael (Fredo)deserved a nomination and a win for Best Supporting Actor.

****out of****stars
Together with: Chinatown Young Frankenstein The Conversation Murder on the Orient Express and The Three Musketeers + The Four Musketeers

The Godfather: Part II remains effectively the best movie of '74.

But there were also several foreign movies of quality such as Le fantôme de la liberté Lacombe Lucien Gruppo di famiglia in un interno Nada Fatti di gente perbene and A Estrela Sobe.

And there were also very fine TV productions such as The Missiles of October Antony and Cleopatra Monty Python's Flying Circus (the final episodes) BBC Play of the Month: The Deep Blue Sea BBC Play of the Month: The Changeling Judge Dee and the Monastery Murders.
The Godfather Part II was just as good as the original in almost every way. My only problem was that the "prequel" part didn't achieve much and seemed not go anywhere. Other than that, an exceptional film. 9/10.

I just love the dialogues. great work. i think the screenwriter did a great job.
Let me first note that this film is totally superior to the original film, surpassing it in both artistic and technical sense by many miles. The screenplay is flawless, the cast is fantastic, the acting likewise. Beautiful cinematography, great production values. This film is so well made that even someone like myself, who doesn't find mafia to be an interesting subject, thoroughly enjoyed watching it. Oh, and by the way: what a reminder that there was a time when Pacino actually tried to act... Now, the only reason I didn't give it ten stars is that I did not like the casting of Diane Keaton as Michael's wife. Even in the original film, she seemed totally out of place. But by now I just hated every scene she was in. It just didn't feel right. She never should have been in that role. Also, the fact that she has done a lot of comedy, and in my mind evokes outrageously silly scenes with Woody Allen, really spoils her appearance in a film filled with such family drama.

A fantastic exciting movie, from beginning to end I was in the movie!
A good solid sequal to a great film. I do think losing marlon Brando does take away from this film but al pachino put in a brilliant performance

I have already watch this film until finnish very instesting.
Personally feel better than 1, probably because of the larger format, the director 's difficulty factor has increased a lot. The story of the two generations of the godfather is presented in a magnificent handwriting, one is full of vitality, the other is prosperity and decline, but in the end it is loneliness with different goals. The quality of the classic restoration is so touching!
IT is both a sequel and prequel showing the rise of the young vito and moral decline of Micheal . Both characters are brought to life with uncanny ability by Robert DeNiro and Al Pacino . To say that these two are good actors is like saying that a nuclear bomb makes a loud noise and in this movie they prove why they are at the top of their respective crafts .
The Godfather Part 2 was definitely one of the greatest movies I have ever seen. It is so much better than the first in the trilogy in every way, the effects, the acting, the dialogue, the setting and just everything. It is set over such a WIDE environment. It is a very long movie which might bore the young ones that like action-packed car chases/ explosions (which really p**ses me off) but it is an excellent movie for the REAL movie goers out there. Reasons it better than no.1: The special effects are way more up to scratch, the acting is so much better (it almost seems that all the actors from the previous outing have magically gained skills), and the structure is much more secure. It is a must-see movie that intelligent people will love.
This film is my favorite one from this great trilogy, it's simply a masterpiece. I have never watched anything well-written and perfectly directing like this in my entire life. I re-watched it many times, and every time I discover a new brilliant details. The way that Michael Corleone had changed, and how we saw the development and change of his character was the most amazing part. My favorite scene was when Michael said "I know it was you, Fredo, you broke my heart." Everyone must watch it.

*** 1/2

Starring: Al Pacino, Robert Duvall, Lee Strasberg, and Robert DeNiro.

The story follows Michael Corleone taking over the "family business" and going to Las Vegas. You meet some new and interesting characters, more fun with Michale "college boy" Corleone as the Don, and plenty of thrills. I recommend that you see this movie along with all the others, because this is one of the greatest trilogys ever.
This is a very good film, and if you liked Godfather, you'll like the sequel. But it IS a sequel, not a companion as one other reviewer claimed. The original film is a complete work without this, and a somewhat stronger one. There are a few inconsistencies with the historical stuff, and frankly the flashback story, while compelling, is a little weaker than the future one.

Worth seeing! But not worth being in the top 10 of all time.
COOL COOL COOL COOL COOL COOL COOL COOL COOL COOL COOL COOL COOL COOL COOL COOL.



The Godfather: Part II. Family is the main thing. A good continuation of one of the best films of the century. The sequel, which did not get worse but also did not get better. The plot itself is not inferior to the first part, but there is some protractedness which I did not like a bit. If the first film was about how Michael becomes a more rude cruel and strong head of the family, then in the second film the plot is already built around another less interesting topic.
The early life and career of Vito Corleone in 1920s New York City is portrayed, while his son, Michael, expands and tightens his grip on the family crime syndicate.
One of the all time greats. Or probably the alone greatest thing ever made in the history of cinematography. This movie is both "prequel" and "sequel" of the first godfather movie. I have never watched anything like this in my entire life. This movie has explained the life of underworld people in a great way. It also shows how vengeance eradicates happiness from your life. People don't even care about their family in greed of power. It's a masterpiece that can never be written off even after centuries. Even if you are not into these kind of movies, I will suggest to watch it for atleast once in your life or you'll be deprived of one of the greatest things to watch that have been ever made.
One of the all time greats. Or probably the alone greatest thing ever made in the history of cinematography. This movie is both "prequel" and "sequel" of the first godfather movie. I have never watched anything like this in my entire life. This movie has explained the life of underworld people in a great way. It also shows how vengeance eradicates happiness from your life. People don't even care about their family in greed of power. It's a masterpiece that can never be written off even after centuries. Even if you are not into these kind of movies, I will suggest to watch it for atleast once in your life or you'll be deprived of one of the greatest things to watch that have been ever made.
This is possibly the most overrated film that has ever been. It's confusing nonsense - the first plot, about Michael, is incoherent with way too many loose ends, while the second plot is unnecessary and doesn't tie to the first film (why wouldn't Vito Corleone have an Italian accent if he spoke Italian for so long?). The film should've been about half the length that it was - the writing is atrocious. The only high point of this film is the acting by Al Pacino.
Godfather II is a great sequel that is almost as good as Part one. If you liked other Godfather or mob movies, then you will love Godfather II. Good Acting and great story. I would recommend this movie to anyone.

10 out of 10

If you liked this movie, I would recommend you check out "Scarface"
A man's struggle, and his endurance in the darkest hour. The scene that impressed me most was Vito's reaction when he was fired from his job as a fruit store clerk. No anger, no complaints, just honest thanks

You have been very kind to me since I came here. Thank you, and I'll never forget it.

And then, dead away. From that moment on, he was godfather.
Confusing, unfocused, repetitive, predictable and most of all interminable. Coppola here tries to meld two unconnected stories into one movie, largely because neither is interesting enough to stand on its own. Aside from a passable performance by DeNiro, the movie has nothing to commend it. It's astonishing that it rates among the IMDB top 5 while a really top notch movie like The Sting (1973) rates in the 70s.
"The trouble with the Motion-picture Art was is it is too much an Industry and the trouble with the Motion-picture Industry is,it is too much an Art"! Enter,Francis Ford Coppola, the middle name standing for the Ford Hospital in Detroit (or for the Ford Opera) born into an Artistic family, saw Sergie Einstein's "Ten days that shook the World" at the age of 17 on a Sunday and on Monday he wanted to make movies! and he not only made movies but Masterpieces. He simulated a "epileptic like attack"! in front of Ruddy,Jaffe,Yablans and Evans to be selected as the Director and he got his way for Casting which is the secret to the success of the "Godfather" series. The Screenplay by Mario Puzo and Coppola is probably the best writing talent since both lived in New York and "lived the life". This is a movie that will happen once in a lifetime since there would not be another "Coppola",there would not be another Brando,Pacino or De Niro nor the dedicated Film-makers like Evans or studios like Paramount.


This is without a doubt one of the most flawlessly made movies ever. You rarely get to see a movie longer than 3 hours that does not have a boring slow-paced part, but that is the case here. This is one of the most amazing movies ever made, from the setting, the acting, the costumes, the vehicles, the action sequences, the story, the emotions, absolutely everything. Many say Al Pacino is generic since he can act only as a mobster, but did they ever think about if there is someone better? Plus, there is a huge difference in the mafia style in Godfather and Scarface for exaple, a complete opposite, yet, he manages to clinge both rolls. Also, as we see the backroll transition from Marlon Brando to Al Pacino we get even more excited, wondering how many acting legends this ovie has yet to offer? There has never been a bigger, better and more suited anti-hero than that played by Al Pacino in The Godfather franchise.

That second film from the saga didn't age very well. Tedious and boring scenes staging unrealistic situations or worse, not essential stories. This film is empty. Nothing is happening. Poor acting all over, even from our favorite heroes. The only redeeming value, seeing the A list actors when they were young and handsome. Unless you are drinking the Coppola kool-aid, don't bother watching it again. It will be a good waste of 3 hours of your time.
Definitely one of the greatest films ever made, u can't even call this a sequel, it's sooo much more than that, the film mixes the past and present very very beautifully. This film sent shivers down my spine the whole time, with its incredible writing,directing and acting which is another level, if I watched this film 5 years ago, I wouldn't have understood why it's so great, but now that I'm a lot older and finally understand what real cinema is I can say that this film is one of the greatest films I've ever watched. I'm a huge fan of the godfather now








Robert De Niro became the only actor to win and Oscar for taking over another actor's Oscar-winning performance. He was not, however, the first or last such actor to be nominated for this. Gérard Depardieu was nominated for Best Actor in Cyrano DE Bergerac (1990), a role that had already won an Oscar for Jose Ferrer. Like Brando, Ferrer had played his role in English. Like DeNiro, Depardieu played the role in the character's native language; in this case French. Years later, Jeff Bridges would be nominated for his performance in True Grit (1969). John Wayne had won his only Oscar for his performance in the original film, which also featured Robert Duva.
You are simply one of the few people who have the guts to admit they don't like this movie. While watching The Godfather part II, I kept waiting and waiting for something special to happen, and the closest thing that came was when Pacino gave Keaton a good smack. I think this is a boring movie and way too meandering for my taste. I almost feel ashamed, since this is considered one of the greatest movies of all time by many people whose opinion I respect very much; but honestly folks, this is one of the most over-rated films of all time.

Jeremy Barger http://clubs.yahoo.com/clubs/firegodsmovieclub
A masterful sequel, replete with action, showmanship, humor and technical craftsmanship. The cinematography is the third major element in Godfather, Part II, ranking with Coppola's direction and its major acting successes to create its convincing epic quality.
"The Godfather, Part II" serves up more of the same, albeit slightly more interesting. It tells this time of the young Vito Corleone and how his son, Michael Corleone, ruthlessly accepts the Corleone mantel and responsibilities.

There's little to say about this, over the first. If you like one, then you'll like the other. To me, both are beautifully shot and crafted, with great performances all round. And both tend to drag a little, be that bit more dull than I desire in a movie.

I've said what I think of the original movie and so I can give this movie just a slightly higher mark (for having that bit more action and drama) an 8.2/10
This, perhaps the greatest sequel ever, tells the parallel stories of Michael's struggles as the new Godfather and the rise of the legendary Vito Corleone. The presentation of Vito's story is particularly impressive, with DeNiro in a fine performance. Michael's story tends to bog down at times but never fails to be compelling. Pacino is terrific, as are Duvall, Cazale, and Strasberg. The cinematography is beautiful and Rota builds on his memorable score from the first film. Coppola pushes all the right buttons, letting the stories unfold majestically. Having made the two Godfather films by age 35, the talented director had nowhere to go but down.
The Godfather: Part II is a story of how an empire falls. In this case, a criminal empire. It's acting and dialogue are of the same caliber of the first movie and the story is even better. The characters lose in this movie, there's a sense of dread and looming destruction in this movie. Combined with the rise of Vito Corleone, the Fall of Micheal Corleone feels like the end of this story. The Godfather: Part II is a brilliant movie and should be seen by anybody who loves film.



Here we see the rise of Vito and the fall of Michael.

You have to remember this film is nearly 50 years old!

Love the prequel and sequel idea respectively. We see that Vito wants more for himself and revenge for his family but also Michael has turned into everything he didn't want to be, and is miserable and alone for it.

Certainly a film masterpiece.
A brilliant companion to the first film, "The Godfather Part II" follows the Corleones into the late fifties, when the family business, as well as the family itself, undergoes changes. Don Michael Corleone, played by Al Pacino, delivers a very convincing performance alongside Robert Duvall as Tom Hagen. The story is crafted to fit the times and also to help define the characters and show their growth, and in some cases, their demise. When it's all finished, "The Godfather Part II" is thoroughly satisfying and moving. An exceptional film.

Al Capone gives a whole different interpretation as the new Godfather. A good adult film to enjoy. Approximated the perfect length. With Al Capone we all learn the lesson which his father taught him. "My father taught me many things. Keep your friends close but keep your enemies closer" It seems that even the Xfiles used this lesson. Robert Duvall as the family lawyer becomes the "family legal lion." In this movie, the fictional history of Al Capone's father's rise as a mafioso is depicted. With this film and its predecessor, The Godfather, we are taught that crime does pay. In fact, it pays well for those who are very smart, very cunning, very rich, and very powerful -- otherwise you die. The music is similar to that of the Godfather. Where Marlon Brando was more of a loving man, Al Capone's godfather portrayal is one of of rigid ruthlessness. However, the ruthlessness is necessary for survival of the family's power.
Like most great works of art, the true test of time shows everything in it's true light -- and in the case of The Godfather -- it still shines supreme!

Michael never truly followed through on his earlier pledge to lead the family business into legitimate enterprises. When Merle Johnson who was dating Connie wanted to discuss a business opportunity with Michael he refused to talk with the man and ordered Connie to break up with him. Although we'll never know Merle's opportunity might have been a good legitimate business opportunity for the Corleone family. Sad that Michael never gave Merle a chance to tell him what his idea was. There might have even been a place for Fredo in such a business.
For me "The Godfather: Part 2" is the most brilliant work from Francis Ford Coppola.
I simply will not be suckered into all the hype surrounding a movie with no plot and as slow as turtle soup. I know this movie is a "classic," but so are Vlasic pickles--and that does not mean they are any less sour. Now, the Robert Deniro segments are nice, but so is "Once Upon A Time In America." Along with "Annie Hall" (and I love Woody Allen films) & "Shakespear In Love," we see how the best movies for their respective years do not always win the little gold statue. I guess that is all I have to say (besides why did Brando have to die so soon in the trilogy/).
Because the unintelligible duo of Marlon Brando and James Caan were left out of this film, that alone makes this an improved version of the original travesty. As usual, Al Pacino and Diane Keaton had good performances, and the addition of Robert DeNiro strengthened the cast. I still don't like gangster films glorifying crime and terrorism in the streets of America, so I didn't like this film, but at least the screenwriter and director did it better than the first one. I recommend you don't waste your time on this film, there are much better ones around, unless you have this uncontrollable urge to see Al Pacino, Diane Keaton, or Robert DeNiro in anything no matter how bad it is.

Godfather part 2 is a worthy successor to the original. It has a flashback sequence that chronicles the young Vito Corleone, magnificently played by DeNiro, coming to America and getting into crime. Then it shows how Michael runs the business and how it turns into something big. The FBI starts a trial in order to bust Corleone as the family builds tension. Pacino is explosive as Michael who's marriage is failing because of the life. He makes a hard choices in order for whats best regardless of who gets hurt. I really dig this movie. Duvall, Diane Keaton and the whole cast goes a great job. Coppola is a cinematic god. ****


It is both a prequel and a sequel. The two lines are intertwined with narratives. Regardless of the lens or the tone of the picture, the processing is as good as ever. It's perfect as a sequel. But as a sequel to The Godfather, there is always something missing ...
This movie, about the early life and career of Vito Corleone in 1920s New York City who is portrayed, while his son, Michael Corleone, expands and tightens his grip on the family crime syndicate, is a good sequel to The Godfather (1972). I think this one has a better story, because the story goes deeper into Michael's life, which makes it very interesting. Like the previous one, the acting, the cinematography and the production design are phenomenal, as always. Those parts are just perfect! Unfortunately, if I can say so, this one was quite slow sometimes, like the previous one. I wish it was more compact or tight. But anyway, it's still a good movie, and definitely recommended!

The Godfather Part 2 is a perfect example of a phenomenal follow-up to the original.




Watch it, some of the best acting I've ever seen to date. And this movie is over 30 years old.
This must be the best sequel ever.It takes the story of the Corleone family to a truly epic stage.Tremendous acting from the star cast and the dreadfully under-rated Michael V. Gazzo and Lee Strasberg.The flashback scenes are great and who can forget the Black Hand wanting to wet his 'beak'. Shame Godfather III was so dull by comparison.
It is difficult to have a sequel which is of equal quality as compared to the original movie. This becomes nearly impossible when the original movie is an all-time classic. However, "Godfather II" achieved just that: Both movies are 10/10, and it is absolutely difficult (and subjective) for someone to decide which of the two he/she enjoyed the most.

Continuing the "Godfather" tradition, "Godfather II" comes with stellar performances by most of the top-notch actors we saw in the first film, with Al Pacino being first among equals. Marlon Brando is unfortunately not appearing in this one (he does not show up even in the brief flashback where James Caan does a cameo), but Robert De Niro takes his place immaculately. Do not miss "Godafather II" (and "Godfather I" as well) as these films have left their eternal mark in the history of cinematography.
The story is beautiful. The meaning of the gangster film is stronger, especially the betrayal and trap. It is different from the background of the godfather 1, and it is no longer confined to the circle where the Italians gather. Many gangster rules will also change.
It's hard to decide which is the better Godfather movie. The brilliant stroke here is that Coppola does not present a typical sequel. Events move both forward and backward. Roberto De Niro is at his best as the young Vito Corleone. The assassination of the local mafia don is a particularly effective moment. In a way this movie is a reference to the American dream of success but in this case it is the success of the gangster. Coppola is so great at making this a simple human drama that we forget that it is a film about a criminal element of our society. Older movies, like those with Humphrey Bogart and James Cagney showed us the gangster as cool but with no family ties. Here we see these immigrant people as family people but with a decidedly twisted morality. That morality is explained early in the Godfather 2 when we learn about Vito's past. The combination of this element with the more recent problems of power tha t Michael Corleone has to deal with make this a great and unusual film.
I really loved the first one. I think that this one was okay but not my favorite. Took a lot of brain power for me to sit through this and actually watch it!


I like this one waaaay more than the first one. This movie is both the sequel and the prequel to the original. That's a neat trick in itself.

For that reason I highly recommend it. Unfortunately, you have to watch the first one, as well. Darn! It makes it worthwhile, tho.

Robert Deniro is particularly effective in his role.
I've always considered part one and two as one movie, a 6 1/2 hour cinematic masterpiece. But DeNiro is my all time favorite actor so I put two in front of the original. Part two was, is and always will be the greatest sequel (and prequel) ever made. Movies don't get any better than this.

The Godfather was so masterful that it was impossible to overcome him with another work. Of course, The Godfather: Part II is also a masterpiece. The story beautifully follows up on the previous part and explains the backstory of the godfather himself, more precisely Vito using flashbacks. It's unbelievable how much Godfather: Part II did and it's damn hard to choose which part was better, it's more a personal preference. Personally, I'm leaning a little towards number one, but it really doesn't mean that the second part is worse. It is as masterful as the previous one and overall it is a MASTERPIECE and MUST-SEE film.
Without a doubt, one of the best films of all time. As far as crime drama/mobster genre goes, it starts and ends with this masterpiece. Period
I loved Marlon Brando but Al Pacino stepped into the role pretty good. The De Niro flashbacks, it's all good. I don't know which movie is better.

I loved when AFI's top 100 was on and one producer was saying how much he cursed Francis Ford Coppola because he had trouble listing his top 5 all-time films and dammit Coppola, you gave me 2 of them!

10/10 for Part II

Although I don't know if this movie is the pioneer of the two-line narrative, at least, this technique must have been particularly fresh at the time. The film uses a lot of this technique and definitely adds a lot of points. Then... then nothing. In addition to being overused in the two-line narrative technique - to be honest, I have not seen the necessity of doing so. In fact, for this movie, the normal narrative will not be very different - there is no more bright spot , just is ordinary gangster movies.
Better than all series for me. I love part 2. It's best movie.
In my opinion, Godfather II is not better than Godfather I but its just as great. These two movies are the best Crime Dramas Ever Made. The acting is top notch, just like in the first movie. Al Pacino delivers an awesome performance. Talia Shire also delivers a good performance but I wish she was in it a little more. Robert Deniro stole the movie with his performance as the young Vito Corleone. No wonder he won best supporting actor. Diane Keaton's performance is actually better in this movie than the last one.

The movie's Directing is actually done better than in Part I. Another brilliant script was in this movie. Has more great lines that many people remember today. The two stories helped this movie I think. Even though the movie was a bit longer than Part I you really dont care when you see how well done the two stories were. I think if there was only one story the movie wouldn't have been as great. The first two Godfathers will always remain the Best Crime Drama Movies around. Thats another promise.
Yes, DeNiro, Keaton, Pacino etc all give great perfomances, the intrigues are there, and the technical aspect ruled, but all in all this is a lesser beast than the first one, who had originality, more tension, more action, and even better actors. But the first Godfather is, after all, one of the best movies ever made. Since that time, other movies did come out on the same subject, and good ones like Untoucheables and the Tarantino stuff, so I have problems explaining why it suddenly got rated so much.

It didn't age really especially well neither (while the original is timeless), yet there's no doubts that it is still a good mob movie, if a bit over-rated. It is roughly equal to the third act overall, which is as inexplicably reviled as this one is lauded.
I suppose some of the locations were ok. Old buildings and also lots of old men speaking English or Italian you don't really care what they're talking about, nothing of any interest 'trust me', but they have an awful lot to say, and your sitting there voluntarily watching and ...haha...listening to this. Some past DeNiro scenes. Then there are the dance halls ballroom dancing and all that more talk there, and by that time perhaps someone you don't care about gets shot then quite a bit more talk old men and young Paccino a coffee and talk and a couple of old men you've not seen yet are walking and talking - yeah real deep meaning full stuff a real cinematic experience . you've seen the first Godfather and read how good this second part is. Wow! I ought to write a 700 page book about this movie with a title of 'Godfathers and Movie Makers' or something yeah - really stimulating and memorable. An education in fact.
This was a first time watch for me. I grew up rotating the same few mafia movies my father watched like, The Godfather, Goodfellas, Scarface, and A Bronx Tale. But I never saw this in his collection. But I always heard this was one of the best movies of all time and wanted to give it a watch myself even if my father never kept it in his rotation. After seeing it I understand why it was not in rotation, because this is not a rewatch all the time type of films. That doesn't mean that it is a bad film at all. It's just a long and well thought out film. Just like it's predecessor, the casting is perfect and the Italian everyday lifestyle representation is amazing. The only thing I didn't like was the switching between the past and present. It sometimes made it hard to remember where the story was at when you switched back.
From "Godfather 1" to "Godfather 2", Coppola recorded the transition of power between the two generations of godfather, and also recorded the struggle of the second generation of "Godfather" Al Pacino from a boy to a man. Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, Robert De Niro and Coppola are the three Godfathers of two generations. They are the integrators of typical American gangster films
After seeing The Godfather and improving it as one of my favorite films, I wanted to get more into The Godfather so I rented this. Words can't describe how great this sequel was. The acting once again was amazing and the story and how the movie went on just never got me bored. Everything in this movie was clearly beautiful. The ending by far was my favorite when there all sitting at the table talking. There were so many great scenes like Vito when he was younger, Fredo at the lake, and many many more. You have to see this movie because it's just brilliant filmaking. It's not better than it's first film but still an extremely worth sequel.
I've watched this movie at least a dozen times. The sequel is definitely the best out of The Godfather saga.
Why did Coppola blow up an Alfa 6C 2500 ? Sacrilege! Also, I would have liked it more if Sterling Hayden had rammed Al Pacino 's head up Loko Lava's ass, then repeat with De niro ,and james Caan ,and then the Consigliassho . as for Brando he was funnier in the freshman. For me , I get tired of all the actors acting ,same for Sopranos ,I just don't like the actors,except Sterling Hayden
Although I feel The Godfather is the better movie (only slightly, I might add), I actually prefer this to the original. Not only is this the greatest sequel ever, but one of the greatest movies ever. The Godfather II is more entertaining and more compelling in my opinion. What really makes this great however are the parallel story lines following Michael Corleone and a young Vito Corleone, played flawlessly by Robert DeNiro. As with the first Godfather, the ensemble acting is superb, especially from Pacino and the aforementioned DeNiro. This is simply put about as good as movie entertainment gets. 10/10
Al Pacino acts so well in this part 2, fully describes the character's personality, a cold and assertive part, in general a very attractive film according to character psychology.

After just finishing by rewatch part 1 i watched part 2. I love to see my one of the best and fav actor Robert de niro too just wow and along with obviously Pacino. I didn't say anything about movie just masterpiece. I just here to say again i rewatch this. I gave its review so many in back then.
The Godfather Part II is a great film, but definitely not as good as its predecessor. I think it is paced a little more unevenly than the first part. I found that the courtroom scenes were a little dull at times. However, in other places, it was just as good as the original. Although compared to the novel, Fredo Corleone is portrayed as unfairly stupid, I still loved his character. He is just so tragic. All he wants is respect. I also loved the flashback scenes, as I felt that they had a great authenticity to them. De Niro was great as a young Vito Corleone. He was cool and calm, but also a little charismatic and cheeky as well.

Read my full review here: http://goo.gl/oVlpH0
The Godfather was incredibly good... but the sequel is even better!!! The idea of having the movie divided in two stories(The leadership of Don Michael and the rise of young Vito) is absolutely wonderful... and never slowed down the story. The acting is as superb as in the original Godfather, but the characters are even more interesting in this movie... If you haven't seen this movie or the first one, you are missing something incredible... A must-see...

102%... EVEN BETTER THAN THE ORIGINAL!!!

This might be the greatest sequel off all time, everyone involved behind the scenes did a completely amazing job.

The novel is brilliant and the performances are all awesome,specially the Young Pacino as the MIchael is superb. It will take so long for another movie to beat this masterpiece of Coppola. one must not forget the great MARLON BRANDO as the Don Vito Corleone,. The plot is full of vicissitudes and suspense, extraordinarily arranged by PUZO... As a movie fan and someone who will never forget the GODFATHERS I advise thee all to get a glimpse of this masterpiece. The picture keeps you thinking about the nature of American-Italian gangs and their doings. In my opinion it pictures the Italians as a mighty race,puissant and powerful.... It shows the American society perfectly and of course shows the violence prevalent at those days....

To this day this is the only role I like Al Pacino in. Robert Deniro's Vito is what makes this movie better than the first.
Pathetic attempt, like other sequels, with all driven by greed. Compared to the original, this is totally disjointed, made for the masses that heard of the original at the Oscars, and in the end unappealing, unmoving, stupid, and lacking in all atmosphere appropriately constructed in #1. I cant believe anymore was awarded by their fellow academy members for this trash. I cant believe Pathetic attempt, like other sequels, with all driven by greed. Compared to the original, this is totally disjointed, made for the masses that heard of the original at the Oscars, and in the end unappealing, unmoving, stupid, and lacking in all atmosphere appropriately constructed in #1. I cant believe anymore was awarded by their fellow academy members for never get back this tthis trash.
The movie has everything you need. It shows what the mafia really does and why. It shows you the world on a different perspective. With the best actors of all time (Al Pacino and Robert De Niro). It shows the evolve of the characters Micheal and Vito a the best way. If you don't believe me look at the awards that the movie won. 6 Oscar's that is 1/4 of all the Oscars from that year.
After watching the 1st GodFather and seeing how legendary the movie was, GodFather 2 wasn't a disappointment. The acting was superb, the story was amazing and the entire movie was entertaining. I love the shooting scenes there my favorite. At the end of the day, GodFather 2 enhances our appreciation and understanding of the characters in this movie and how the movie manages to be the way it is. I really honestly don't care for the people comparing which GodFather was better, the first or second. I'm good either way they were both legendary with legendary actors like Robert De Niro and Al Pacino.

Too bad GodFather 3 was pure awful and didn't live up to the expectations like the 1st two did. But that's a different review for another time.
The classic Italian mafia movie comes to life again as the new Don comes in. Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) is now the head man in this great Corleone family. This was a genious idea to make another film on this family because the history of this family is so special. Now, Robert De Niro as Vito Corleone when he was young, was a fantastic idea. It worked out so good and seeing the real Italian area was also a great part in this Godfather film. I did not think this movie was as good as the first, but I still think this movie deserved all the awards they received. It was a fantastic movie and I recommend it to all Godfather fans. It was simply a classic.
The first Godfather movie was a milestone in cinematic history. Puzo's book was awesome, but when he and Coppola teamed up to make the movie they produced an almost flawless film. It seemed impossible that they could repeat that, let alone top it. They did. Largely thanks to an absolutely perfect performance from the ever amazing Robert De Niro, this is a superior sequel. Portraying the young Vito Corleone (De Niro) as he becomes 'The Godfather', and his son Michael's (Al Pacino) descent from innocent and moral kid to emotionless and malevolent crime king, this film is an epic masterpiece. With a fantastic plot and frankly flawless performances across the board it is quite simply the best gangster movie ever made.
Don Michael Corleone. The film begins and ends with the camera playing a close-up of it. This is no accident. Two Michaels are shown. Two glances. In one we see a man who has just received tremendous power, who wants to use it as soon as possible and as much as possible. In the second - a person who regrets. Between them there is a peak, a line, a reference point that turns one person into another. I can't tell what the point is, because that way you lose most of the interest before viewing the picture...

The Godfather Part II is the best movie in the trilogy. The most exciting, the most interesting in terms of events, the most shocking, finally. There are two eras, two characters in the story. This is Michael Corleone and young Vito Corleone (Andolini). And that's all I wanted to say about the plot, because you have to see it with your own eyes.

The Godfather 2 is an untouchable picture, it's a classic. Draw your own conclusions.
The Godfather was great, maybe one of the best movies in cinematic history, and part 2 doesn't fail, more the other way.. another great movie and especially i think Al Pacino shines again..

The Godfather continues, of course now the focus is how Mike Corleone (pacino) rules the corleone family, but also this story goes back and show Vito Corleone as young (magnificent Robert De Niro), ti's very interesting and should be one of the greatest sequals ever.
Love this movie. Such a good film. Who do think is the best actor that came out of this movie? Wasn't this a huge film that broke so many celebrities? I think if I not mistaken one of the best series of movies of all time. Al Pacino right? I think so.

The Godfather Part 1 was amazing so I had high hopes coming into this, but it kinda disappointed me. The main problem for me was that it was so boring at times and there was hardly any dialogue. I loved Robert De Niro in this and his role as young Vito Corleone. The acting in this was very good just like the first and the ending was just like the first too. Michael Corleone finished the family business.
The original film may be regarded as one of the greatest movies of all time but this is a solid runner up and is definitely one of the best sequels of all time.

Sequels are rarely good. Even more scarce is a great sequel. This is one of those special sequels that equals, if not surpasses, the original work. The acting is, of course, superb and Robert De Niro is brilliant in his supporting role as the young Vito. What is perhaps the most remarkable aspect of this great movie is that it is almost entirely fresh. In other words, it was not tied directly to a book like the original and afforded the script writers room to be even more creative. A masterpiece.
Every once in a while, people always ask us to look at things from a different angle. "People become criminals because of the circumstances and not are mostly not inherently evil". We see no such pleading in the film.. Coming after the release of the very successful first half, the movie tells the backstory of the patriarch.

We can see the setting of the United States when the first wave of immigrants had rushed to New York City from the Old World. Rather than being intriguing as the first film, this delves headfirst into telling the story of how power was built from almost nothing.

I saw this film only for the excellent acting and direction. Apart from this, I do not condone violence or organised crime, much like almost everyone who rate these films highly. Yet, I still feel bad that such films were at times misused by "Cosa Nostra" as propaganda for hiring men.

The Godfather Part II was entire to be Another Sequel to the 1972 Classic The Godfather; it is wholly known about this film. 80% of Robert De Niro in this Film were Speaking Italian, and I know that He was a Badass; nevertheless, I know that the Sequel was entirely to be the Best due to the Story was about The Story of Michael Corleone in the late 50s to the Early 60s and was known that he is having a problem with a Jewish Mobs and some Politician want him in Death Row. I love it, More Gritty and More Brutal, this Sequel, and I love It very much. Because Robbie De Niro's Performance is very badass, it made me think about Boardwalk Empire.

Richard Bright as Al Neri. A good actor who tragically died young when a vehicle hit him in NYC. I will always remember the scene at the Mother's wake. Michael is talked into greeting Fredo by Connie. He walks up and hugs him. But he looks up at Al Neri with DEATH in his eyes. Neri knows that Fredo is not forgiven. Neri is LOYAL to Michael and knows he will one day kill Fredo by Michael's orders You see PLEADIING in Neri's eyes. But Michael is radiating "Death". Finally Neri can no longer maintain eye contact and just looks down sad and broken.
The Godfather part 1 set a very high bar of expectations regarding part 2, and this part came nothing short of that! It's just a great film and nothing less. Everything works so well together; acting, writing, setting... it's all fantastic and makes the very long duration of the film easily able to sit through!


This is definitely worth your while to see if you enjoyed the first movie. It is a very good sequel to the first chapter. We see Vito Corleone's (DeNiro) past and entry into organized crime and go into the future where Michael is trying to get the family legitimate. This movie is great. Just as strong as the first movie. I think that Coppola did a great job following up on the first part. the acting is great. DeNiro does a great job portreying the character Brando created in part I. If you like mob movies go for this series. It is all about respect with this family. go for this movie after you check out the first. then after this movie get part three. all of these movies are great but this one gets 9 out of 10

When i first saw this movie I had just seen the God Father 1 which blew my breath away i didn't expect much out of sequel especially one that had to compare to that. So i watched it and i was speechless a sequel that arguably could have been better then the first one. It is without a doubt the greatest sequel ever made. It proves that if u put Al Pacino in a crime movie there can be no wrong doing. Francis Ford Cappola comes back with another great classic to be put into the movie books. This one had a little more aggressiveness and anger which i liked and brought me back into the world of the God Father. I can not think of a better sequel then this. This will always be a classic in my mind.9out10.
From Cinematography , music, acting, etc.. I loved every part of this movie.
This is the best of the Godfather trilogy. This film breaks the norm of the first film is usually the best. Part II of the trilogy, the story, acting and cinematography really transport you into the world of the Corleone saga.
Not upto the standards of the first part the godfather has setup, my favo will be the the firat the screenplay story and hype creation is soo good , there is a clumsiness in the screenplay, y showing the past corleone which was never related to the running story but the actual story seems connecting and kinda felt like all left alone in the point mike a good film though inspite, not much actions as in first part but worth watching, even i loved the past story part but the way portrayed was not ste up correctly a bit clumsy , maybe they wud have taken a seperate movie for the vito corleone past part , overall a good movie available in prime.
Breathtaking in its scope and tragic grandeur...worth it !!

Godfather 2 is an incredible movie. Francis Ford Coppola has done an expert job of continuing and expanding upon the story of the first film, adding an incredible amount of detail and information that requires repeat viewing. The incorporation of the story chronicling the early life of Vito Corleone who goes from a grocery store errand boy to the local crime boss is fascinating and revealing, and seems to parallel the life of MIchael Corleone as he tries to juggle and strategize in his quest to further expand and legitimize his empire.

Great nuanced performances from Robert De Niro (as the young Vito Corleone), Al Pacino, Lee strasburg (who expertly portrays the crafty and aging Hyman Roth), John Cazale and Diane Keaton further enliven this inspired film. Subtle and full of feeling, they bring incredible amount of depth to their performances. Check out Robert De Niro and Al Pacino especially, they are amazing to watch.

If you haven't seen this classic film, do so by all means.

There isn't much to say about this movie.

The Godfather Part 2 is above all comments or votes.

It is the best you'll ever see. Perfect Stars, Perfect Acting, Perfect Story, Perfect Directing, Perfect Sound Track .

You won't believe it until you see it. Don't waste your time reading comments (even this one haha :o), Go ahead and rent it, Then you will find yourself buying all three parts, and keeping them for good.
It is a movie worth recommending. It has been possible to shoot such storylines and shooting skills in 1974, proving that modern movies have really not improved much, or that the film industry really needs more blood to promote development, otherwise It will be like the Corleone family.
The early life and career of Vito Corleone in 1920s New York City is portrayed, while his son, Michael, expands and tightens his grip on the family crime syndicate.

Even better. Then the first, 'The Godfather Part !!' is clearly the greatest film sequel ever made.
Masterclass acting from EVERYBODY. Personally I like John Cazales performance as Fredo most. His mental meltdown scene sitting in that crazy chair is probably the best scene in cinematic history. So sad he passed away that early....
The Godfather 2 gives you more insight into Don's character as a young boy growing up in Sicily and America as well as the changes in Michael's life. The acting and casting are excellent. The music is dramatic and perfect. The plot and dialogue are interesting. This movie is one of the best, if the best ever, sequel that I have watched to date. Anybody who enjoyed the first Godfather movie would most likely enjoy watching this one as well.



FABULOUS! I've never seen Al Pacino or Robert DeNiro portrayed in this way before - they were absolutely magnificent. I still can't get over the fact that Godfather: Part II is indeed much BETTER than the original! :) Watch it!
This film is so well known I don't have to say too much,it's about getting revenge above your own happiness ...look at the last 10 secs of this film and it tells you everything you need to know about Michael corleone...the greatest film ever made...
I only gave this movie a 9. A gave the first one a 10. I've never seen either of them (read my Godfather part I summary to find out why), but I heard that the first one was good (so I gave it a 10) and that this one was slightly less good (hence, a 9). I'm a real big fan of mobster movies, though (My Blue Heaven {and Steve Martin movies}, The Freshman, etc.) and have seen Jane Austen's "Mafia" (a spoof of Godfather) and liked it. 9/10. A must see.
Perhaps even grander than its predecessor, Part II throws us and Michael into the lion's den, continuing the Greek tragedy in the most potent, gripping way.
Undeniably, the greatest sequel ever made. However, one thing I will never understand.... Bruno Kirby. Why?
I just dont catch up with the story, it feels so slow and "outdated?".

However Alfredo James Pacino plays Michael's role so good, even scary sometimes how good he is.

Not really my type of movie.



To me Godfather parts one and two were like watching one movie, with the same qualities throughout. This is a significant success. I can't say the same about part three though, but that's a different story. All the engaging elements the first had are here; top notch acting, storytelling, cinematography, direction, music. But character development takes it to the next level. Pacino's eyes and face expressions do all the work, continuing from part one his metamorphosis to a cold-blooded, distrustful, merciless mogul, accepting an inescapable fate he formerly thought he detested. The first part's weak female presence is amended here, as we get to see more of Kay and Connie and their position/feelings in the mafia world. Some scenes are a bit dragged, but never meaningless. Overall, if you watch part one, part two is a necessity, to get the chance to see "La Famiglia" in the making and the outstanding development of Michael's psychopathy.
Many people have said that this is better than the first one.I don't agree.The only thing I found that had the spirit of the original was the De Niro sequence,but Pacino's performance makes up for it.I'll not reveal the slightly nasty shock you get in the film

Easily Francis Ford Coppola's 2nd best movie (OK maybe rivaled for that honor by "The Conversation") and #1 IS NOT the Godfather. "Apocalypse Now" forever of course. BUT Godfather II delivers on all the promises made by part one and then some. The film offers standout performances. sumptuous sets that span almost a century and two continents. The sweep of the story is fantastical the acting is in depth the structure a balanced homage to the principles of part one but far more polished. Get with the program. sure, part one is a great action movie, but this is pure cinema gold.
The best sequel ever made.

Amazing movie.

You can not be a movie buff, without seeing this movie!!!
Even though the enemy is unarmed, it still needs to be dealt with. Mike continued his father's character deeply. The only difference is the handling of family problems. It's the change of times and the difference between Mike and his father. The two main lines are interlaced, even if the contrast is more complementary.
While I can appreciate its moral complexities, the absolutely brilliant acting, which includes Pacino's most subtle and nuanced performance, and Coppola's fine directorial work, "The Godfather: Part II" doesn't have the narrative drive of its predecessor.

Also, the split narrative, bouncing between the history of how the Corleones gained power, and Michael's continuing moral decline, doesn't quite mesh for me. I'm open to the idea that I'm missing something, though I've enjoyed other films with multiple narratives, but Part II seems glued together instead of fitting organically.

It's still a fine film, and though I'd rank it lower than it is currently, it would definitely be in the top seventy-five.


When you compare The Godfather to The Godfather, Part II, the only difference between the two films is the cast. There is no James Caan and Marlon Brando. Now, that doesn't make the movie worse, as most people would think. The storyline is interesting, yet very sad, although this movie is excellent, it is very sad. The Godfather, however, is inspiring due to Marlon Brando's beautiful and incouraging acting. Therefore, Al Pacino has to act twice as hard, and he's a great actor. He does a fantastic job. Every scene he acts he acts with passion and courage. Vito Corleone's childhood is also great, although the adaptation in the 1970's of The Godfather and The Godfather Part II, was called, The Godfather, A Novel of a movie, (I think). I watched that and it was the two Godfather's combined together. Vito Corleone's childhood from Part II is combined at the beginning of the movie. Amazing and terrific. Definetly worth watching.
The Godfather, Part II, The Two Towers and The Empire Strikes Back: these are the only sequels to match the original. What do thesee have in common? They are all continuations of a saga, rather than just additional stories. I do not distinguish necessarily between the greatness of the Godfather Parts I and II. It is the same story, and both movies are ten times as good when viewed together in a 6 and a half hour marathon. In Part II, an incredibly slow first hour concerning Michael's trying to find the people who want him killed, this returns to the compelling family drama that is truly the essence of the Godfather. In the meantime, the story of young Vito, played by a young but still brilliant Robert De Niro, unfolds, intertwining his rise with the moral fall of Michael. At the end, the arc is complete, and the final shot of MIchael sitting amongst the falling leaves, a man who has lost his family and his soul, a man totally alone, so unlike the innocent at the beginning of Part I, is the greatest end shot in history.
To answer your question Sonny:

I go to college to get stupid. I'm really stupid.
The Godfather Part 2 is the best movie ever made. Better than the original on every level, this movie brings the source material to new heights with the addition of Robert Di Niro, speaking almost completely in Italian, and fleshing out the story lines of characters introduced in part one. If part one is the story of a good man being forced by circumstance into a life of crime then this movie is the story of that man embracing his life of crime and falling into complete moral despair. Al Pachino gives what many consider the best performance of all time. This movie is the bar that I personally hold all other movies to. Watch it

Michael Corleone, successor to crime family leadership. It is neither a very happy or driving picture. But it is intellectually daring and marks an important breakthrough in the growing up of the Hollywood film.

The godfather 2 has got it all. Its a prequel and a sequel to the godfather 1. Coppola somehow made the second movie as good as the first and i can't decide which i like better, i guess it depends on the day. The splendid perfomances by Al Pacino, Robert Duvall, John Cazale, Lee Strasberg, Michael V. Gazzo and many others makes every scene relevant and worth watching. And lets not forget Robert DeNiro's timeless and iconic performance as Vito Corleone, simply magnificent. This 3 hour is a timeless masterpiece and a must watch.

10/10.
A superb sequel to the original masterpiece. Pacino, De Niro, and Keaton are brilliant. Michael Corleone (Pacino) assumes control of the family business despite opposition from enemies around him. The life of a young Vito Corleone (De Niro) is wonderfully told in parallel with the story. Excellent score, editing, and screenplay. score: 10+ (out of 10).
This is one of those rare movies that as a sequel that actually makes since and that's simply good. It's outstanding to have both the original and sequel to be brilliant. This sequel fits the prequel like a puzzle. Which most films now-a-days go off track with their sequels. One may argue that this film isn't as good as the first, but better. Which is a job well done.
This is one of the best films ever made, and it's flashback structure, intercut with the story set in the present, makes is a more narratively complex, and ambitious, film than the first Godfather. Somehow, the Godfather trilogy has entered the mythology of cinema, and modern history. Perhaps it is because the Corleone family symbolizes the modern capitalist system in America, and how one family rises to the top through vicious means. Most importantly, the Godfather movies question the American dream, and asks whether in the end, is it worth it to obtain the heavens, only to have to end up in Hell?
Recently relived this movie, the feeling is still the same, childhood memories, I feel the old godfather is so poor.

I think this part is the best. Of course first one also amazing but this one like little bit better.
Just classic. No further explanation needed. Must see.

A must muxh for filmmakers, alot to learn. Cinematography,lighting composition, and line delivery.

Absolute masterpiece. Al Pacino is the master of nuance, enthralling from start to finish. I cannot fault a single thing in this film. Told in two parts over three and half hours - it's filled with violence, corruption, treachery, murder and betrayal. Best part of a fantastic trilogy.

This is the best sequel and prequel ever.

The transition between young Vito's storyline and Michael's rise to power is very smoothly done. Both the characters are brilliant and the dialogues are great too.

Love how Vito carries the same personality throughout in both the films but on the other hand how brilliantly they handled Michael's character arc, a decent military hero turned into a cold hearted gangster.

The score is perfect and will always be remembered. Nothing to add about the performances.
Sequel to one of the best pictures made has long established itself in the same cast. And now to my heart as well. In fact, I found this one more enjoyable than the first one. Don´t get me wrong I´m not saying this is better, I can´t tell which one is. But watching two story-lines side-by-side and seeing both of the (astonishingly acted of course) Corleone main men grow made this more interesting. Pacing was more to my liking as well.

Definitely one of my all-time favorites.

Absolutely Great. Good cinematography and great story line. I absolutely love how the two movies run along with each other
The Godfather Part II does what very few sequels have accomplished and manages to surpass the original. Al Pacino gives an incredible preformance and manages to make Micheal Corleone into one of the most intersting and complex characters ever put to screen. The contrasts between him and a young Vito(Played by Robert De Niro) are portrayed in a subtle and masterful way that leaves you thinking.
The Godfather is hands down the best trilogy ever made into film - and the second is, while not the best the most important film in the trilogy.

We get to watch the previous life of the father Carleone and the future of the family under his son.

Brilliant acting and cinematography again - De Niro does a perfect job as the father Corleone and probably the only one who could've replaced Brando.
I've seen many good movies, but this movie is something different. Great acting, Great directing, Wonderful story and such an amazing ending. Al Pacino's performance in this movie is the greatest performance in cinema history. But I should say, first half of this movie is a little boring.
This film is the best sequel ever. The acting is great, especially Al Pacino as Michael(he was also brilliant in the first one), and Robert De Niro as young Don Vito. Everything is just right this great movie. If you loved the first one(I surely did) I guarantee you, you'll like this one too!!!

This movie is completely amazing best of the best and i hope we watch again like this movies from paramount studio and only go forward there is no way backward I am very motivated from your films good luck I wish you ald and all the best


The Godfather: Part II follows two parallel stories. One story is a sequel to "The Godfather", and follows Michael Corleone as he consolidates his power as the new Don of the Corleone family. The other story is the prequel to the first Godfather and shows us the origin of Vito Corleone and how he created his enterprise in New York. The movie is very long and just for that it gets a 9 but otherwise it is a masterpiece.
The first was a stable but the second is packed with so much more. Keeping it short but this is definitely a movie you want to watch at one time. I've seen it a ton of times and each time is more enjoyable.

This movie is a masterpiece - it works beautifully as a contrast of changing times and the disintigration of family values. The last scenes sum up the picture perfectly. The young Vito Corleone holds the infant Michael, proclaiming his love for him. Thirty years later the grown Michael coldly has his brother murdered. Try and find a movie that has more emotional tragedy than this one. The chronoligical video release of the first two movies totally loses the point of the second film.
Although i don't know why is godfather the greatest movie of all time but this sequel is great.
The debate on which is better, Godfather or Godfather II, has gone on, and probably will go on, for a long time. I think that both films won BEST PICTURE so they are equally good.

Once again, Coppola put together a fabulous cast that gives fantastic performances all around. Robert DeNiro is fabulous as young Vito Corleone and I especially liked Bruno Kirby as a young Clemenza. Also once again, Al Pacino is powerful as Michael Corleone. Those are some of the notable performances, but as with the Godfather, there's nothing I could write that would be able to convey how good this picture is. I highly recommend you get a bowl of popcorn, turn down the lights and enjoy...
Like its predecessor, The Godfather II is cinematic masterpiece.

This is the real part I of the movie - and in every way exceeds the original. Stunningly filmed and portrayed - the slower pace of this movie lets one really sink into it.

Pacino has probably never put in a better performance. Some of the truly stand out - the one when Michael Corleone finds out that Freddy betrayed him - and the "you broke my heart" scene.

A classic which I would urge anyone who hasn't seen it to never call themselves movie lovers, and those who haven't for some time, to see it again. It gets better each time.
Possibly the only sequel better than the original. And one the the greatest 20 movies ever made.

A more complex storyline than the original. The follows the rise of the father and the fall of the son. Many themes are explored, probably most importantly the dehumanizing effect of greed and lust for power.

Beautifully acted all around.

A wonderful 200 minutes of cinema. An A+.
Darker than the first one, focuses more on the contrast new and old America. Incredible performance by Pacino and Fredo. Exceptionally long but one of the best ever.
Everyone must watch this movie.This film give me real mafia soul.Expect Part I.Part I better than part II but part II is very very good either.Part II is third place in top rated film but I think The Shawsank Redeption is overrated.To me Godfather and Part II is better than The Shawsank Redemption.My first Godfather Review include spoiler so this review hasn't got spoiler.I just say everyone must watch this film because Al Pacino and a lot of good actors in this movie but Al Pacino is amazing.I said in the title.This film is a masterpiece.Whatever just watch this film.Its perrfect.Thank you for reading this.
It's quite a repetition of the first version of the film, and it's not enough, it's great, thank you to the great director to build the historical masterpiece in which family relationships show us how the brother behaves with his siblings, his parents, and different opinions. How to keep your family home, how to get rid of a woman, bewildered treason, full of meaningful dialogue, and much more ....
Yes. We're talking now. Marlon Brando is not here, but Robert De Niro yes. This is a film. Al pacino is incredible, his performance is so good. I missed Marlon Brando, but I loved De Niro. One of the best films in the history.
The Godfather Part II is truly an amazing film. Absolutely fantastic performances from everyone in the entire cast. I think that Al Pacino should have won best actor at the Oscars. This film is easily one of the greatest sequels ever made. Complex story, amazingly shot, and beautifully scored, The Godfather Part II deserves to be called a true masterpiece of cinema, and a tortured influential saga of crime, family, and corruption. Films like this arn't made anymore. This is just as good a film as The Godfather part I, and possibly a little better. A must-see classic. Every minute in this movie is made with care and every frame bubbles with dramatic tension and amazing cinematography. 100%
I was compelled by the storyline & performances therein but at the end of the movie I just didn't get it. It was to much a misch-masch of stuff & I just didn't get much out of it.

Godfather 1 is the definition of a film, a true classic. This is a sequel with mixed-bag emotions. I think it's something of a let-down. Not a huge one, but yeah. It is a let-down.
Never hold a grudge against your opponent, it will make you lose your mind. Part 1 is great. And this is better.
this is simply the best film ever it has every thing a good person likes in a film guns blood gore and lots of talking but the talking stands out and when you watch it you say to your self when is the next shoot out going to be people say this better then the first because is longer and it tells two storys at the same micheal al pacino the young vito his father from the 1920s robert de niro stars as vito and they both won oscars for this movie not surpies it brilliant 10 out of 10
You must have heard the raves..."the best Sequel of all time", well, Star Wars Fans may disagree but it is a valid argument. This surpasses a Great Film with an even greater Film. It is certainly broader in Scope and even more lavish in its Production. The Flashback New York Scenes are a standout.

This one moves quite a bit faster than the original because it has much more to say. It says it and then some. Michael's descent into internal Madness is not a pretty sight and the Inheritor to all that is Corleone becomes a very unlikable Tyrant and shows virtually no signs of Humanity as the Modernity of events that take place have no place for that sort of thing.
I read The Godfather, I saw The Godfather, and I belive their divine as pieces of art but for some reason, one that I haven't yet understand, The Godfather Part II is much, much better than the original and my father agrees with me saying that he though the same thing when he watched it down there on the 70s.

The family is still the main character of these film. Marriage between Kay and Mike, brotherhood between him and Fredo. Business in Cuba, a history fact, Woman revolution (by Kay leaving Michael), betray, crime, power...this is The Godfather, and even better.
The Godfather 2 has a lot of content to analyze, to enjoy, it is the second part of an interesting story and he still does not fully understand it.

It decays a little with respect to the first one, it is like deeper and perhaps that is what makes something slow, whatever it is that I understand 100% I think it is necessary to see it more than once (in my opinion). It is very good too and the final scenes had to extend a bit since they were wonderful.
For me the best movie out there and even better than part 1 and possibly the only sequel better than the original. both godfather part 1 and 2 are a masterpiece with such amazing actors and performances. al pacino and de niro in this movie are amazing.
A true lesson in how to make a great sequel. Al Pacino leads another great cast to movie magic. Any aspiring actors want to see acting at it's finest just watch "The Godfather" films. And it was great to see Sonny Corleone (James Caan) in this film albeit a brief flashback. 10/10
The Godfather Part II was a very good movie, very well written and acted, but not my favorite Godfather movie. Let me tell you why.

I didn't like when the movie would cut from one storyline to the other. (I like to focus on one thing at a time) Michael showed a very dark side of him in this movie, I.E hitting Kay, I like that. That's one of the things I liked about the movie, I like seeing a dark side of a character and how well the actor can play that part and Al Pacino portrayed him excellently . But they didn't go deep enough into Michael's emotions, you really didn't get a chance to understand him as well as in the Godfather III.

In all honesty I think that the Godfather and the Godfather III are the best in the series and are a major contribution to the cinema, I just hope they won't make a forth one. That'll ruin the series for sure.
Saying this is a sequel is questionable. It is equally as intruiging as the first part, the only difference being marlon brando as the Godfather. This is a very good movie, and i highly recommend it to everyone i meet!
Anybody who thinks that this movie is overrated, boring, confusing, etc., I'm sorry to say that you are probably too simple to really appreciate a great film and even greater sequel. You didn't understand the film or were confused by it? Then you should have watched the first one, or better yet, read the novel. Predictable? The movie came out in 1974. Everything since then has tried to copy it. Its only predictable to you because you've seen it now. Boring? What do you consider exciting, exactly? Not a great sequel? What is a better sequel then, Duece Bigalo Part 2? If you think this movie is over-hyped then I don't know what you could possibly think is better. The actors, the script, direction, music, cinematography is the best that American Film has to offer and another example of how 1970's cinema is some of the best ever produced. Go put your head back in the sand and go to sleep. Don't put any more idiotic postings here. This is a sacred page and your ignorance and baby writing has no place here. Go tell it to My Space.
I am completely amazed by this movie, it is about as perfect as a movie can be in my opinion. The acting is first rate, the story is compelling and the characters are unforgettable. This movie to me is better than "The Godfather" and can stand alone as an individual feature. Also the music is some of the best in cinema history. All in all one of the cinematic landmarks in American history. I can't wait to see it on DVD!!! 11 out of 10 stars
How can i even begin to describe the impact this movie had on me . Absolute perfection. The entire cast is perfect . DeNiro is great as the young vito corleone in his first major role as well as Duvall and Diane Keaton but it is Al Pacino who dominates this picture . His emotionless stare is possibly the most chilling gaze i have ever seen in any movie and he completely blows every other actor in this movie off the screen . DeNiro won an oscar but he isnt fit to lick pacinos boots by comparison . All in all the finest sequel ever made .
What makes this movie phenomenal is the performance by pacino . Famously hospitalized for exhaustion after this movie . His Micheal Corleone is a masterpiece fo characterization and undoubtedly the greatest performance ever . Do yourself a favor and watch this movie SOON !
We all know that this is an incredible movie adn the greatest sequel but this movie also has the greatest performance of all time in Al PAcino's Micheal . I have never seen any actor use his eyes to such devastating effect the way PAcino does and i have yet to see Pacino ( or any other actor ) better this performance .
If you want to see the most intense actor in cinematic history give the most intense performance in cinematic history look no further than this movie . Pacino is absoulutely magnificent as a tightly coiled don and creates the greatest character ever portrayed by any actor ever . Watch this movie !

De Niro displays the importance of exposition in any great story. What can be dismissed as a literary device can be just as crucial in cinema. This sequel not only added to the original, but it opened up a whole new way of thinking for filmmakers.
Personally, i can't name this a sequel, because it's very good this way almost without the first part. Al Pacino is very great in this role and i think this guy sets some standards in the industry and many actors have learned from his acting role. FF Coppola is a genius, made a great job with this film too, and the fact that this part alongside with the first are in top 10 IMDb is a recognition from the viewers. You can't see the first and not to watch this movie too. Enjoy!
Godfather II is topped only by the original Godfather in cinema history. The Mafia has always fascinated people and Mario Puzo and Francis Ford Coppola have satisfied this fascination with another brilliant 3+ hour installment of the Corleone family. Robert Deniro begins his storied acting career with this breakout performance, much like Al Pacino in the first installment. Pacino is once again magnificent, this time as the Don of the Corleone family. Robert Duvall as Tom Hagen and Lee Strasberg as Hyman Roth also give memorable performances. This film is an unforgettable epic that will live in forever in cinema history! A must see!

My rating : @@@@@ (out of five)
A sequel surpasses the original in many regards, The Godfather Part 2 is a haunting tale of betrayal, revenge and deception that is brought to life thanks to Francis Ford Coppala's amazing direction and the fantastic dual lead performances.

The Godfather Part II is The Best Sequel in cinematic History. Every single Frame in this Movie clicks together so impressive well, may it even surpasses Godfather Part I and you know this is really no small step. Nothing in The World is better than Al Pacino as Michael Corleone and Robert De Niro potraiting the Early Life of Vito Corleone.

One of the main problems which I feel is the downfall of the movie is the fact that Robert Di Nero isn't in the movie as much as he should be. I know that this movie is supposed to to show the almost downfall of Michael and the rise of Vito but it doesn't demonstrate Vito as good as it should have. It merely glimpses over Vito and doesn't properly show him as he rises to the big time mob boss he was in the first movie.
Compared with the two generations, Al Pacino and Robert Duvall are too handsome. The difference is that the father has a family and glory, while Al Pacino almost lost all his relatives.
Even though the enemy is unarmed, it still needs to be dealt with. Mike continued his father's character deeply. The only difference is the handling of family problems. It's the change of times and the difference between Mike and his father. The two main lines are interlaced, even if the contrast is more complementary. The last look in Al Pacino's eyes, is that loneliness?
Godfather Part: II, I think, beats Godfather I. Reason why? Because it's genius, and it puts a great story in a more higher and crazier level, and it's not corny or disappointing. Michael Corleone is taking over his mob family, making drastic decisions and changes, that's pretty much defined, completely reckless. Godfather Part II is like a completely different story, because it's the new Godfather, who's more cruel that his father. Genius making itself more genius and smart. Godfather Part II is definitely, in my eyes, the best sequel ever made, and will probably be the greatest sequel. It's a wonder how such two great, and nearly perfect films could be ended with Godfather Part III, which was a complete letdown. Watch Part II, and don't watch Part III. Don't ruin a perfect sequel by watching an imperfect sequel.



The best movie in the worldThe best movie in the worldThe best movie in the worldThe best movie in the worldThe best movie in the worldThe best movie in the worldThe best movie in the worldThe best movie in the worldThe best movie in the worldThe best movie in the world

The pattern is bigger than the first one. The power transfer of two generations of godfathers, one vigorous and the other prosperous and declining, but the final result is loneliness.
It is both a prequel and a sequel, and the two lines are interlaced with narration, one side is entrepreneurship and the other is struggle. Both the lens and the treatment of the picture tone are as excellent as ever.
-One of the greatest screenplay.

-All time best performance by De Nero & Al Pacino.

-Mob Movie's magnum Opus -Arguably Better than the Predecessor -Some impactful Moments in Cinema history.
I think that this is the greatest movie ever made . It can only be Godfather I better than this one . However here we have a much better job and much more professional , by people who already had success with the first episode . If episode I was the beginning , this one is something far more than the sequel.
The hero was born in Sicily and died in Sicily. The hero went into the mountains to fight against the Mafia and the decadent government. The hero had love and wanted to be more stable, but he did not want to be betrayed by his brothers
Only this movie the sencond is also excellent and won oscar in history it is amazing
The deep significance of the Godfather lies in the fact that it opens up a broad prospect for crime films and gangster films in the history of American cinema. It not only expands the expression form of crime films, but more importantly, its film meaning and ideological connotation goes far beyond the scope of violence.
The lives of Vito Corleone and his son are told here with brio. The family has to face different kind of problems with traitors and justice. The reaction of the family is a fair to the reputation of of mafia gangs. It's very difficult to distinguish Robert de Niro from Al Pacino, so don't get lost with the different times and scenes ! A very good movie.


There is one thing I feel sure about: the people who dislike "The Godfather part 2" or say "Goodfellas" is better, didn't understand the movie. The Godfather movies,like the book, are not to be taken as typical gangster stories or gangster stories at all. The first movie was how capitalism, the Catholic Church, big business and the goverment are all the same as organized crime. The second movie with a Marxist theme, is an expansion of that idea and tells how destructive capitalism is to three different types of Families. The movie did not intend to totally portray how the mafia works, but goes beyond that. With this in mind, The Godfather is a great movie and the violence is used to make a point.

Furthermore, if you do a little research, you will find out everything I said about the movie is true.
GODFATHER PART TWO-*** Godfather part is opening and the introductory that started the first mafia movies off. Now that Vito Corleone is dead, his son Michael (Al Pacino) runs the family business such as casinos in Vegas and numerous hits for the family. We saw Diane Keaton who plays Michaels wife Kay. While they battle courts and also a man called Roth who Michael plans on going in business with. The other story of the film and the better story is to the past world of Vito Corleone ( Robert De Niro) travels to Ellis Island and grows the business for the family, 40 years earlier. Although, I did quite enjoy this film, I can say that it still can't compete with other films such as Goodfellas or Casino. Coppolas adaptation of this film is historic and is just a film that will just stay with you forever.
The ' Best movie I have ever watched'. I will take these words to the grave with me. Alfred Pacino should have won an Oscar for his role. Lee Strassberg proved that he is like a father figure both on and off the screen for Alfred Pacino. John Cazzelle will be missed, despite 5 iconic performances in 5 iconic movies.

This film is good for photography, lighting and music. Other special plots are really ordinary. In fact, it's just a very common story in the tone of literature and art. There is no more profound description of the gangster system. At last, it turns into a family drama, which makes people blush.
There are only really three serious contenders for the prestigous title of bets gangster movie ever. Things like Tarantino's PULP FICTION and RESERVOIR DOGS (both on my Top Ten Ever list) don't count as they are comedic. Those three contenders then. THE GODFATHER, THE GODFATHER PART II or GOODFELLAS? Well, GOODFELLAS, in my opinion blows THE GODFATHER out of the water because it gets so close to the way gangsters actually lived and ultimately, died. However, THE GODFATHER PART II is better than GOODFELLAS. I won't spoil the plot but I will say it is a powerful, extraordinary, haunting epic picture. It is quite simply, the best gangster movie ever made.

This might be the finest and most cohesive storytelling to ever reach the big screen. The godfather part 2 is what you normally call a long movie. However, every second has a purpose, every breath has power behind it and everything ties together something that might be one of the absolute best movies of all time. It is a long time since Iast watched part 1 now but I think this is better. To have a mixture of breathtaking cinematography, unheard of acting and one of the best scrips ever made is something very rare. Only a handful of films has managed to have all these elements, and only this has it to that extreme. I think you know why this is breathtaking in every way, and if you are yet to see it I can't recommend it enough. This may not be my all time favourite, but I truly believe that from a technical and critical standpoint, this is a flawless story that can never be recreated.

It's both a prequel and a sequel, with two lines interlaced, one with entrepreneurship and the other with struggle. Both the lens and the tone of the picture are as good as ever. Perfect as a sequel. But as a sequel to The Godfather, there's always something missing.
I think the difference between Vito Corleone and Michael Corleone was that Vito was the beginning of the family and her mafia to protect the family, so all the family members were nice to her and did everything for his of course, it was reciprocal.

But Michael and even Sonny was in fact the heir apparent of the Mafia, and not only was he unable to gain the support of the family, and not only was he unpopular with family members, but he even found mafia connections within the family, and they were betrayed.
VERY DIFFICULT TO MAKE A SEQUEL THAT IT IS ALSO A MASTERPIECE. COPPOLA DIS IT.
The Godfather:Part II is probably the greatest sequel ever made. It is very interesting. It is very compelling. It is also the first sequel to win an Oscar for best picture. Unique in its idea of two different times. New don of the Corleone family Michael(Al Pacino) is dealing with Hyman Roth(Lee Strasberg) but Roth seems to be luring him into a trap and somebody else betrays Michael unsuspectingly and another story is the rise of his dead father Vito(Robert De Niro). De Niro won his first Oscar. His last movie that made him a star would have to be Mean Streets. Pacino should of won for best actor of 1974. This is his better performance than in The Godfather. The reason why because it is the best sequel of all time would be because of the film-making, acting, the set, and its thoughtful score by Nino Rota. A 10.
This movie is without a doubt the best sequel ever made. The best part is to see Vito Corleone's life when he was younger. It was neat to see his old friends and how he met them. This movie gets a perfect **** out of **** just like the first Godfather.
This Film is in second place in my top ten movies of all time just behind Pulp fICTION.The acting is flawless especially by De Niro portraying the young Don Vito Corleone.I saw this film on video this year and as soon as it finished i watched it all over again.It is so much better than the first film for many reasons,but most of all the story of Vito Corleone's rise in power. I strongly suggest you see this movie
It' s difficult enough to create a brilliant film, but to create a brilliant sequel is even more difficult. The temptation to use scenes that mirror others in the first (obviously, outstanding) film, are overwhelming. Most are guilty of this and lose their individuality.

Instead, the Godfather 2 answers most questions left open by the first and offers more insight into the life and workings of a Mafia family, in the hey day of the 'Cosa Nostra'

Both Godfather 1 and 2 belong in the top 10 of all time, some might say in the top 2.
I didn't understand the plot of the movie first time I watched, after watching it three times I understood the story. Rating it 6 rather than 10 because I found this sequal too slow and I thought it could be made better than this. I am now insulting this movie but giving a honest review.
this is the finest film ever made. The Shakespearian elements of the family tragedy are beautifully portrayed. The juxtaposition of De Niro's Vito to Pacino's Michael is wonderful, and the scene the young Vito Corleone sitting on the bed at Ellis Island alone is perhaps the most moving single image in film history.


"The Godfather" introduced to pop culture the inside of a fictional mafia family that many drew connections. The big secret is that GF II better's the original. It may be the only sequel in movie history to accomplish this feat (The Empire Strikes Back is debatable). For three hours and twenty minutes we are shown a two prong plot where Michael Corleone must deal with his current enemies while at the same time driving a wedge between his family. The other plotline is the rise of Vito Corleone. This is well played by Robert DeNiro, who received an Oscar for his performance. The movie viewer has a complex soap opera that does not disappoint. It's deep and dark. It shows that unlike his father, Michael has to sacrifice his wife and children to hold the family name. Meanwhile, Vito shows his ability to lead by taking out the local boss and establishing his own racket. Michael is seen as the tragic figure, the one member of the family who wanted to be legit and turns out to be more ruthless than his father. It's a shame this wasn't the original Godfather. Many love to mimic Brando's great performance, this movie is pure genius.
The Godfather part II is a terrific film by itself. Only Francis Ford Coppola could create an excellent sequel. The film is full of great performances including Pacino, Deniro, Duvall and Cazale. The film isnt better than the orignal but its just as good as the orignal. what more can i say about this film..its terrific! 10 out of 10
The sequel to the award-winning masterpiece is just as compelling. Although the two films are always compared, they really are very different. The original concentrates on what the mafia is and what it does, and it uses a more heartfelt approach. The Godfather: Part II is a sequel as well as a prequel, comparing Michael's rise into power with Vito's, making the story even more depressing. I've always found Vito's storyline more interesting, but the ending of the film, in which Michael murders or alienates everyone close to him, is perfectly executed. The Godfather: Part II is slow at times,`but in the end, it packs a wallop.

RATING: 9
I'll have to thank Francis Ford Coppola in person, his movies work better than any sleeping pill ever created! Have to admit, this one is slighty better than the first one but it's still a snoozefest. Why these films are so high in the all time top baffles me. But hey, next time I can't fall asleep, I'll start to watch any of the Godfather movies and I'll be sound asleep in 5 minutes. Thanks Francis!

I use bengali subtitle but I don't understand this movie
Godfather part II is the classic great movie of all time. It is movie perfection. It is the most incredible masterpiece. Its like watching magic on screen, it like viewing your first baby being born. It flows like butter. it never gets tired, I've watched at least 20 times and I'm still amazed. Infact I might just go watch it right now. You should too and if don't have the Godfather Collection DVD go buy it. And keep it under your pillow when you sleep.

10 out of 10.
The Godfather movies define America. What makes the second part of the Godfather movies the greatest of the series, and ultimately the greatest movie of all time is the way it contrast and compares the America of the present (the 70's) with the America of of then. It shows the family rising to power under the dominance of Vito Corleone, while also showing the family's power and control crumbling as Michael struggles to live up to the legacy that was his father. While watching the movie, you can't help but be swept up by the history. Just the ambience of the movie is enough to make it great. Then you add in the tremedous cast, firm directing, and moving script, and you have the movie that surpasses all others to become the greatest of all time.
This is the best sequel I've ever seen for a movie. You won't feel at all that it's just a money-maker. It makes you stay in the movie and love it till the last moment. Great dialogs, GREAT acting, music from the first one which is still great. Both stories (Michael's and Vito's) are told very well. Robert De Niro acts very well. The story is long, but never gets boring or tiring, you will want to watch it to the end, and believe me, you'll be happy that it's so long, you want it to never end. The ending is like the first one. You'll feel that it's been cut, like it's ending too soon. But I really like it, a great ending with a great look on Pacino's face which means too much. I personally liked it more than the first movie, more entertaining. 10/10.
It's good but not up there with the first one but still way above the third one.
This is without a doubt, a masterpiece in film-making. Once again, just like the original,the acting and cinematograpy is just incredible. Unlike the original though, this did become a bit boring during the Nevada /Hyman Roth section, although the dialogue and acting was second to none, it did have me yawn for a bit. The epilouge is excellent though with the court-case and final cold-blooded end for the weak willed Freddo. DeNiro is magic here as the young Vito and thoroughly deserved his best supporting actor award, it was a difficult task to fill the enormous shoes of Brando's left behind from his unforegettable performance as the Don in the original but the young DeNiro was fantastic. In my opinion, Robert may have been a better Michael than Pacino. But it was still perfect casting the way it was. A strong 8/10
Coppola had done it again!! Great movie, I especially liked the jump between the Al Pacino story and the De Niro story... A film that teach u an important lesson about how power, money and respect can destroy a whole family. De Niro does a wonderful job playing The young Godfather, and how he rose to fame and power.. excellent movie!!! 9.5/10
The second installment of the Corleone family is again pure greatness. It's one and only mistake to myself was it got a little hazy & confusing in the middle, but it really doesn't hurt the film to much. In "The Godfather Part II" we get to see the man who once wanted nothing to do with the "family biz" become the heart of the family and the biz. His hand of judgment moves fast, and it's covered in blood. From "The Godfather" we see Michael Corleone a war hero with a beautiful bride. Then from the middle of "The Godfather" to the ending of "The Godfather Part II" we see the slow moral fall of Michael Corleone. Breaking his family, the biz & himself. It might be violent, but the most gruesome image is the one we cannot see. 9 out of 10
The first sequel to ever get a best film oscar, and well-deserved. Pacino puts in a possible 'career best' as Michael, while De Niro is very convincing as Vito Corleone. The film is really spilt into two parts from the late 50s with Michael and the 20s with Vito. It works well as we can spot differences between the two. I won't say anymore as I don't want to spoil it for everyone. The only disadvantage is that it is a tad long, so be prepared to watch for over 3 hours. Apart from that its excellent.
A movie to enjoy and consider in every one favorite movie list. possibly the greatest movie i have ever seen ,
I loved the first Godfather movie. Who didn't? But I watched Part II, thinking this is going to be much better than Part I. It wasn't. It was a good movie, but it just left me confused in the middle and then when it ended I was like, "That's it? That's Part II?! GIVE ME A BREAK!!!!!" I am not talking smack on GP2, but I just wish everyone would stop saying that it is better than GP1. Nothing will be better than the first movie. I haven't seen the third one yet, but from what I've heard it doesn't even compare to the first two.

A Disappointed Fan

I think that whatever I say, I do not give this great movie its due. It is truly a legend among films, Also, there are no films so far that blow up the style and workmanship and one of the best produced in the 2000s.
One of the best movies ever................................................

Simply the greatest movie of all time! Perfect sequel and completely necessary! Icons being icons.
'The Godfather: Part II' is every bit a classic as it's predecessor. From dialogues, acting, direction to the tragic criminal italian mafia music and theme, everything is done till perfection. Never has a movie had so many characters yet describe them and develop them in such detail that they feel real and close to you. Acting is at its best by Al Pacino, Robert Duvall, and Robert De Niro. It is personally my most favourite movie of all time along with the first part.
The Godfather Part II is not only an amazing Godfather sequel, one of the best sequels ever put on screen (Besides Empire Strikes Back), but one of the greatest movies ever made. I consider my favorite of The Godfather Trilogy to be The Godfather Part II, but that could change at any time and any given moment. 10/10, no issues and no flaws.
Usually I don't expect much from sequels, but this one really did it for me. One can even debate whether it is better than the original (I don't think so). Who knew that this Godfather franchise had it going on?
Without a doubt, this is my favorite film from the God Father saga.

A young Vito Corleone played by (Robert Deniro) is perfected acting at an all time high.

I can go on, and on, and on.

I highly recommend you watch the entire series.

But in my opinion, God Father II is the best simply said.

JR
Perhaps I liked this movie even better than the first part, although of course the originality was partly gone. That aside, I'm pretty sure this is one of the best sequels that were ever written. It's a movie in itself, and I feel it goes much deeper than Godfather part I. The movie explores the dark side of being involved in crime, it's clearly more melancholy, it's again very atmospheric, especially New York in the yearly years of the 20th century. De Niro and Pacino are, as always, fantastic. They portray profound characters, scary and touching at the same time. It's 3.5 hours of sheer delight.
A couple of the plot points developed too fast for me, stretching credulity. The acting is masterful. I like how it is shown with Part I in chronological order when broadcast on TV.
No superlative can truly capture the greatness of this film...it is perfect in every aspect....acting, directing, set design, cinematography, screen play, etc. A spectacular achievement that has never been surpassed in almost 50 years


Its so god damn long but theres a memorable/quotable moment in every 5 minutes and career defining performences from the 2 stars (Pacino and De Niro) 100% must see for any gangster movie fan
"The Godfather" is simply wonderful, and "the Godfather - part II" is not less good. It's the best sequel ever made. It's wonderful to see two great actors as Al Pacino and Robert DeNiro: I don't know who acted better in this film...both are fantastic!
"The Godfather" is simply wonderful, and "the Godfather - part II" couldn't be less good! It's the best sequel ever made.

It's wonderful to see 2 great actors as Al Pacino and DeNiro: I don't know who could be the best in this film, both are fantastic!
This is the greatest sequel ever made and in my opinion the finest film i have ever seen. I couldn't tell you how many time I have watched it.I haven't even talked about the more technical aspects yet. This is because I don't have to - everything is perfect. Not just great, but perfect, as in there seems to be no way that they could be improved on. Acting, direction, cinematography, script and story. Everything.

Unlike The Godfather One, The Godfather Two has less philosophical content and has focused most of its efforts on creating attractive cinematic scenes. The script follows a predefined policy and accompanies the audience until the end of the film and does not let the audience go. The main flow of the film remains open, the use of specific visual scenes and the emphasis on exaggerated behavior at different times encourage the audience to accompany as much as possible.

Also, paying special attention to different tribes and ethnicities, as well as benefiting from different cultures in interaction with each other, is a kind of promoter of human convergence in order to pursue a specific goal.


The Godfather II starts where part I left off. Michael has arranged for the hits of all the heads of the Corleones' rival families. He has now taken over as Godfather since his father passed of a heart attack playing in the garden with his grandson. Although it seemed Mike once wanted nothing to do with the family business he has since had a change of heart.

The film is nearly equal to it's predecessor. They both won best picture. The second film saw more actors nominated for Academy Awards. Included is Pacino, Caan, and Michael V. Pazzo. Definitely a must see for anyone.
Film that passes a cool feeling. Interesting colors and its focus is totally geared towards fixing the looks of whoever watches it. Congratulations to the director who led this production, congratulations to all the team that worked on this project, which marked the lives of millions of people, writer is also to be congratulated.
What can I say, everything is great. There is no mistakes. Whether it's the acting, the story, the drama, all of them are legendary. I need to mention one point in particular. Young Vito Corleone's scenes are so well done (I fell in love with the cinematography, especially when he first came to New York as a kid). And the best part is that the scenes of the two sides are so well balanced that you never feel strange when switching from one to the other, you know where you are. Long story short, this movie is a masterpiece. (Note: The arrival of Vito Corleone in New York is not a spoiler, as it is written in the plot of the movie on Amazon Prime Video. Of course, on the day I wrote this, there were 6 days left until the film was removed from the platform).
Easily the strongest movie sequel ever. The acting, writing, and score are done as well as it can get. Al Pacino delivered a performance of a lifetime yet didn't receive an Oscar. What this sequel does well is it's in perfect continuity with the first movie, yet it creates it's own story that fascinates the audience. And it provides the necessary backstory for Vito and the Corleone family which is perfectly paralleled with Michael's storyline in present times.
I am talking about robert de niro yes I am talking about robert de niro well he's the only one here
This is one of my absolute favorite movies of all time. Along with Godfather 1 it's a masterpiece! Robert De Niro brings such a vibrant performance to the young Corleone - just amazing!
Ok the movie was great but not like the 1 it have changed but de niro was class and he made it wonderful
The Godfather and Godfather Part II are both masterpieces, with the Godfather Part II being one of the greatest sequels of all time. This might not even be called a sequel, but truly is the second part of the Godfather story.
Possibly better than the original Godfather -- at least in this critic's eyes because of the amazing way it solidifies Vito's history and that amazing rooftop/parade sequence which is almost unsurpassed in film -- it easily holds its own as the greatest sequel ever. I also believe what sets it apart is the way it devolves, showing the hard lines that must be drawn in that lifestyle between brother, sister, spouse and friend. It shines a glaring spotlight on what must truly be the worst part of the lifestyle: never knowing who to trust, or who truly has your best interests at heart.
This film is so bad it made my knees burn !! I could only sit through 2 hours of this, and that was the worst part of my life. Ever. Although Godfather 1 was good this was not and I don't know how they got a third film out of this. Instead of watching the film i wish i would have made a daisy chain. I really wish i didn't watch this and i wish i could unwatch this film. The film is too long and boring and the storyline is blown way out of proportion. On the other hand i really enjoyed dumber and dumber and i would recommend watching that or anything with Will Smith in especially I am legend that is a great film. Overall i think the be who made this film should really question what they was thinking. PS. Death race is good the one with Jason Statham

The Godfather Part II took everything that the first did right, and made it better. Yes Part II is the greater of the two in my opinion because while the first movie focused more on story telling this film doubles up and adds an excitement factor that was missing from the first. Pacino Carries a lot of the film alongside Duvall's Spectacular performance. This is the best Crime drama ever created and it will stay there for a very very long time.

Al pacino rocked it. The way the story is told parallel of two main characters is amazing. Al Pacino deserved an Oscar for this.
For years and many rewatches, I have always thought The Godfather (1972) to be the stronger movie but after a recent viewing this movie just blew me away. For one, Al Pacino gives one of the strongest performances of all time as Michael Corleone, he is just cold and ruthless while also being one of the most terrifying characters of all time with the cold stare he does as he stares into people's souls. He does something that I have never seen any actor do, which is use his eyes to primarily show his intentions. The way Coppola structured this film is genius while juxtaposing DeNiro (who is also fantastic) as a young Vito, earning respect and love with his community while witnessing Michael losing everything he once had with people and family. Some emotionally powerful scenes and a rivetting story, this is a truly perfect drama.
Is it just my amazon prime copy or at 1:46:00 in the movie is there a black patch at the bottom of the screen looks like a broken lens however its a amazing movie filled with action suspense and some comedic moments

Third best film ever no matter what most amazing thrilling dramatic and emotional and sad film ever no matter what.
One of greatest movie ever made superb the acting of all cast is amazing and the tone is very dark
Been years since i last seen these films and it was time to view them once again. This part 2 i found to be a very long, drawn out affair. Reading the other numerous reviews on this site, one would think this is the movie of all movies. Well, perhaps that may be the case for some. But for the average movie goer to which this movie was made for, it was totally lacking compared to the first, original Godfather. There was not much for character development which made you feel distant to the characters. Too many scenes of unnecessary standing around with poor dialog that really needed a Brando type boost. I could not find that presence here at all. It was indeed a watchable movie with great cinematography and that classic look. Overall this movie seemed to abandon the gangster/mob genre and become more daisy drama. I think in the first half of the movie there was one gun scene and a mild at that. It truly dragged along carrying only the die hard fans of this saga and leaving behind a trail of dissatisfaction for those whom watched the original movie and expected epic type, early mob style composition.

This movie is in my opinion the best movie ever.All actors play with such an enthusiasm and character that you are glued to the screen. Bobby De Niro and Al Pacino is at their best.The swaps between the life of Vito Corleone and present time work out fantastic.The music is fabulous and fit perfect to the pictures.Robert Duval in the role as Tom Hagen is probably one of the best he has ever made.The set hit the time in a tremendous way, In fact it's very hard to find anything not to praise in this movie. It's movie at it best before computers, blue-screen and orcs and elvers took over everything.So ill guess this movie is never to be pushed down from the top spots of best movie at all time. I happy to give it 10 out of 10. Only 10 because that there is no option to give it more thanks for a terrific experience at the screen. Guess which movie is second ob my list right Godfather 1.
I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.
No words to describe how good was the original film by Francis Ford Coppola, but its successor film was more more way better! Bringing in the non-linear narrative made this one better. This movie gives a way better screenplay than most modern movies do, and it doesn't disappoint the viewer in any way.

I never excepted a 70's movie that has so good story and narrative!

My rating for the original was 10/10 and this one was way better movie, and it deserves an IMDB rating of more than 9.5/10.

By far, the best Crime Epic I've ever seen in my Life!

One of my favourite films ever, even better than part one in my opinion

Following the success of the first part, The Godfather II is considered as a masterpiece of world cinema with the perfect performance of Al Pacino.

Star Wars, Indiana Jones, the Jason Bourne series or Christopher Nolan's Batman trilogy... are names that are often mentioned in the list of good Hollywood sequels (sequels). But always in the top group of every list of the best movies of all time as the case of the first two parts The Godfather (Vietnamese title is Bo Gia) is truly unique.

After The Godfather was born in 1972 based on the author Mario Puzo's original work, he thought there would be no other gangster work that could compare, but only two years later, The Godfather II dispels all doubts with The quality shows the best of director Francis Ford Coppola and the performance deserves to be included in the acting textbooks of stars Al Pacino and Robert De Niro.
The Godfather Part II surpasses the original (no mean feat!). DeNiro is a revelation as the young Vito and how fitting that he should be the one to portray Vito and take up the baton from Brando. Symbolism anyone? Two of the finest actors of their respective generations and Al Pacino giving a performance he has yet to better. What more do you want? The scenes shot in Sicily look sumptuous and the period scenes are also extraordinary (check out young Vito going across the rooftops to take out the local Godfather on the stairs)Fine, fine support from John Cazale as Fredo, Diane Keaton as Kay and Talia Shire as Connie deserves a special mention. This film is a classic and if you haven't seen it yet you'd better have a good excuse. Why is it only rated 8.9??!!
The second part of Francis Ford Coppola's masterpiece managed to be at least as powerful and moving as the original. All the elements that made the first Godfather great, like the dark filmography and the beautiful music, are present in this film. Coppola, who now had more confidence and therefore, more control, managed to make a more somber film, a very successful approach. As for the cast, Al Pacino is back in his role as Michael Corleone, now head of the family. Marlon Brando gave place to another film legend: Robert De Niro, who gave a performance almost as good as Brando's in the first film. Robert Duvall is back as Tom Hagen, Diane Keaton reprises her role as Kay, and, thanks to Coppola, John Cazale (who had a regretfully short career) and Talia Shire had more screen time and gave brilliant performances. As if all that wasn't enough, master Lee Strasberg came back from retirement as Hyman Roth. The Godfather Part II is a delight to every lover of the first film, but also appeal to everyone else.

A true masterpiece, its arguably the best film ever made in terms of drama and screenwriting. An absolute delight to see Al Pacino and Robert De Niro, the classical duo of acting.

Wonderful movie that can reach the top of the chart also following the masterpiece of The Godfather. This movie complete the first with the incredible flashback that describe how grew up Vito Corleone acting by the incredible performance of Robert De Niro and the continuation of the Corleone's dynasty led by Michael Corleone.
I like the part II but not as much as first and third part.. The storyline is great! Absolutely masterpiece that you should watch!

I suppose praise of good looks takes precedence over an actual, objective review of a movie now, huh?
The first Godfather movie was stunning. This one is simply breathtakingly good. Drawing parallels between the initial growth of the Corleone empire under young Vito for relatively noble reasons, and the greed and corruption that brings the family close to self-destruction under Michael, the film takes everything that was great about the first movie and builds upon it. A rare example of a sequel that is actually better than the original.

This is the greatest film ever made. Not only did it live up to expectation it surpassed them by being even Better then the first
One of the reasons I loved both Godfather I and Godfather II is because of Al Pacino is phenomenal, with not only his dialogue but his facial expressions successfully conveying strong emotions increasing the depth to his incredible performance, this is one of the best movies ever made.
I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.

The movie really deserves more and more oscars...it is so good!!
Slightly inferior to part 1, but still a perfect continuation of the story. I enjoyed the beginnings of Vito Corleone played flawlessly by De Niro more than Michael's descent into ruthless mafia boss along with the impact on his two families, but both were still amazing examples of storytelling acted so well that you forget they are fictional characters.

Today this movie alone would probably come out in three parts, it takes its time but is engaging throughout.
Definitely one of the best sequels ever made. I think I like it even more than the first one too. Al Pacino's acting only gets better in this movie that it left me in awe.

This somehow manages to be worse than its predecessor. Please never watch this.
The second part of « the Godfather » is also wonderfully played with a lot of emotions and a full suspense until the end of the film, which makes also this film a very great one. I really appreciated that film, even if perhaps a bit less than the first part that I saw one week before. Why ? Not because of Vito's youth which is really useful for appreciating the Godfather - part I. This part really enlightens the first film and allows to understand many things untold in the previous one, especially the section in Sicily. But, may be compared to his father - and the parallel between the story of Vito and that of Michael along the film helps the comparison - Michael appears too hard, much more harder and less nice than we could have guessed from the first part. I also dislike and find strange, as a woman, some of Kay behaviors. Except that I wouldn't have written exactly the same story for those two characters at some point, it doesn't remove the excellent play from both actors and the excellence of the rest of the film.

When i saw Godfather Part 2 i was kinda skeptical because sequels are normally not as good as the original. But "The Godfather Part 2" is an exception to that theory. Godfather Part 2 is as good as the first. I watched it and though my favorite character wasn't in the movie due to a tragic toll booth death (Sonny), i still enjoyed it anyway.
I give it four stars since in the middle of the movie I was already getting bored, but if it manages to entertain a while.
I have always preferred Godfather II to the original and solely because De Niro was chillingly cool, cold blooded and subtle. His was a great character study. I loved the texture and atmosphere throughout the movie in capturing Little Italy and the Sicilian scenes. The commission hearings and other Italian characters complemented the main actors with a realistic thread. The interwoven flashback and present day interlinks were majestically done without detracting or lulling the story line and of course the theme music which you could instantly recognise years later. Definitely one of the top 3 greatest of all time movies.
One of the greatest titles ever made in history. the plot is amazing and the characters are perfectly chosen. the over all sequel is great.


This movie is an amazing master piece of writing, direction, acting and many more... One of the great classics that I have watch which I love.....

Every one should watch this classic.

1st Best American Movie Ever.

No other comments are necessary. A comment on how capitalism has taken over the American Family told through the lens of three generations of immigrants. Abortion. Incest. Fratricide. Greed.
What more to say? Puzo's book was great, but Coppola turns it into a huge fresque ; a family story. Pacino is gigantic in the part of Michael Corleone, hunted by his destiny as a goodfella. The maestria is present during the family scene, and the sacralization of violence, mixed with religious icons remain a classic part. You cannot dislike it! Probably the best movie of the Three Sequels, and the Best movie about crime, with the first version of Scarface. unmissable.
Just one look sums up this film. After Mama Corleone has died and at last Fredo seems to make up with Michael, however as Fredo is crying in Michaels arms, Michael looks over at Neri (His Bodyguard), and you can read his mind ! 'Fredo sleeps with the fishes'. The greatest two movies of all time, I dont think there will ever be anything made to surpass the quality of GF1 and GF2
After watching countless films , including all critics Top 100's , and all the five star movies. This is still the one to beat and I just can't find a better film (the first one comes close and It's a wonderful life).I Just keep on looking!!!
The Godfather part II is by far the best sequel ever made. Francis Ford Coppala did a great job of directing this movie. Al Pacino will always be known as Micheal Corleone to me and I don't see how he didn't win the Oscar for best actor. Robert DeNiro also did an outstanding job playing the young Vito Corleone. It is amazing to watch Micheal Corleone evolve from a young, unassuming war hero who knows nothing about the family business to the cold, ruthless Don we see at the end of the movie. My friends and I have debated on wheather or not Fredo had to die. My friends all say that Fredo was too dumb and careless therefore he had to die; I feel that Fredo had learned his lesson and was content on being a good brother to Micheal and a good uncle to Micheal's children. Anyway, the Godfather part II is by far one of my favorite movies of all times and I strongly recommend it along with part one to everyone. I was very disappointed in the Godfather part III so for me the Godfather concludes at the end of part II with Micheal sitting on the bench thinking back on his life.
WoW! When i saw this movie, i was amazed. Coppola continues the riveting Corleone saga between pacino's Michael and deniro's Young Vito. Both have never been better, and the supporting cast is amazing. The film did not seem the nearly three and a half hours that it was. Also, I thought that scenes between Michael and Fredo were among the best i've seen. Along with Citizen kane, Lawrence of Arabia, and casablanca, this film, which somehow manages to outdo the first one (a great film in its own right), could possibly be the best I've ever seen.
nearly a milestone as the first part of the-godfather-trilogy. The lack of OUTSTANDING Marlon Brando is too huge to get compensed by the (extraordinary) appearance of Pacino, Garcia et al. Want to see a breathtaking movie which impresses by the directors courage of "taking all the time the story needs" but do not want to see Godfather#1 again? then choose this masterpiece and spend yourself app 3h of real artwork!
OK, so I've seen Citizen Kane, Casablanca, Star Wars Trilogy, Titanic, The Godfather, and all those other films that contest the sought after prize of Best Movie Ever. Well, I don't know if The Godfather Part II is that movie, but it sure feels like it sometimes. I love all those other movies, except maybe Star Wars. And yet I still keep coming back to Part II. The pull of both Robert DeNiro and Al Pacino in one movie is too much, and this is a better movie than Heat. It's got all you need- family, love, violence (a lot), passion, violence, opulent scenery, violence, what more do you need?

Once again Al Pacino plays his character very strong. Also the rest of the cast, like Robert DeNiro and Robert Duvall, playing their roles beautiful. Not as good like the first part, but still a great film. 9 out of 10.
Many cross montages and flashbacks make this movie's structure become more complex.Al Pacino and Robert De Niro's acting is so excellent!
Many cross montages and flashbacks make this movie's structure become more complex.Al Pacino and Robert De Niro's acting is so excellent!
I have watch this movie so many time and never get bored.I really love this movie and I watch it gaqin again
Michael is strong as much as weak. His position is just as much as illegal. He is respected as much as lonely.
In my opinion, the Godfather part 2 succeeds the original and is the greatest film to ever be made. A true masterpiece by Francis Ford Coppola, and amazing acting from every person involved, specifically Al Pacino, Robert Duvall, Lee Strasberg, John Cazale, Diane Keaton and Robert De Niro!
The Shawshank Redemption is written and directed by Frank Darabont. It is an adaptation of the Stephen King novella Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption. Starring Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman, the film portrays the story of Andy Dufresne (Robbins), a banker who is sentenced to two life sentences at Shawshank State Prison for apparently murdering his wife and her lover.
An absolute work of art. This is a beautiful masterpiece. Not only is this movie a gem as a film but it also teaches you many things in life. The acting, the music and the cinematography is absolutely beautiful. This will forever be my favourite movie of all time and second place would not even come close. I cannot write all the good things down here because there is simply too many to name and it would take up well over five pages.

I love The Godfather story it is a emotional story of Michael Corleone. When I watched Godfather part 2 I cried because Michael Corleone story is very emotional.

Great screenplay, great music, fantastic performance by Al Pacino, whose character is very impressive; I like the idea very much - somebody, who puts the family above everything and tries his best to protect it, loses it in the end: Michael has his brother killed, his other brothers are killed as well, loses his wife... He is ruined, has lost his main purpose in life, for which he has fought.

De Niro is very good too!

I love the music as well!

I still keep in mind some of the most famous quotes! ;) "Fredo, you are my older brother and I love ya. But don't ever take side with anyone against the family again, ever...!"
This movie is almost better than Godfather 1. Hats off to the director, actors and everyone who had anything to do with this film. It is simply wonderful, brilliant. And it seems to me that every word I write, I'm doing damage to the film.Tribute to Coppola and all players, creator of timeless classic. I would like to just say thank you. I just love this movie. Not only this part, but also the first. I think they're equivalent.Al Pacino unique, De Niro maybe even better. Dialogues excellent and historic.I want to highlight the role of Hyman Roth, without this role, the movie would not be what it is.For those who have not accessed this movie, I warmly recommend it. As for me, could have been even longer. Simply one of the best movies ever recorded.

Better than the first Godfather? Possibly... but I'd like to edit the good bits from this fil and put them into Godfather Part 1 for an amazing experience.

One of the finest films made in recent years. It's a poignant story about hope. Hope gets me. That's what makes a film like this more than a movie. It tells a lesson about life. Those are the films people talk about 50 or even 100 years from you. It's also a story for freedom. Freedom from isolation, from rule, from bigotry and hate. Freeman and Robbins are majestic in their performances. Each learns from the other. Their relationship is strong and you feel that from the first moment they make contact with one another. There is also a wonderful performance from legend James Whitmore as Brooks.


One of the Best Classic movies of all time. Part one is Great But always liked part 2 even more.
Mario Puzo and Coppola provide a thrilling follow-up to Michael's journey and a riveting origin to Vito's quasi-mythological figure in one of cinema's greatest achievements.
Whilst The Godfather is a masterpiece of film making it's sequel (and possibly the only sequel ever to do this)surpasses the original. Beautifally shot and wonderfully acted. The story is compelling and heart rendering and the marridge between film and music impossibly accurate. The paralells drawn between Vito and Michael are superb and the manner in which they are made, flicking between the father and son ascending up the ladders of the underworld is film-story telling at it's best.
Love this film very gangster incredible! Also Pacino it a great actor in this
Youve gotta dance like there's nobody watching, Love like you'll never be hurt, Sing like there's nobody listening, And live like it's heaven on earth.William W. Purkey
This is the movie which should b in the no1 ranking
It is in a sense a voyeuristic delight, allowing us to see the mafia from the inside - we become part of the family. It single-handedly change the world's view of organized crime, and created a cast of sympathetic characters, none of whom have a shred of common morality. It was the highest grossing movie of its time
I saw the Godfather I a week ago and now I wanted to see the sequel. I've never seen a sequel as good as the original. But this is one. In the first film, I thought Marlon Brando was marvelous as Vito Corleone. That part was this time for Robert De Niro. He did it even better. This movie must be made by the best crew in the whole world.
Just a beautifully crafted gangster film. Or an outstanding family portrait, for that matter. An amazing period piece. A character study. A lesson in filmmaking and an
If you want to watch a movie do for The Cat in the Hat (2003) instead, it's shorter abs 100x better
Better than the first, but still not perfect. I expected a more spectacular visual feast.
Nothing else needs said about this movie other than. Magnificent!!!! In my opinion the addition of DeNiro to the already stellar cast makes this the pinnacle of the trilogy. If gangster movies are not your cup of tea you won't like obviously. However if you do then this is THE movie. Again nothing that's not been said before, however to any new generation every confirmation is merited.
What can I say that people dont already know about this movie. It is .it was.it will be the best gangster movie of all time.bar none.
Fter seeing The Godfather and improving it as one of my favorite films, I wanted to get more into The Godfather so I rented this. Words can't describe how great this sequel was. The acting once again was amazing and the story and how the movie went on just never got me bored. Everything in this movie was clearly beautiful. The ending by far was my favorite when there all sitting at the table talking. There were so many great scenes like Vito when he was younger, Fredo at the lake, and many many more. You have to see this movie because it's just brilliant filmaking. It's not better than it's first film but still an extremely worth sequel.
A must watch for everybody... one of the the most amazing movies ever !!!
Wow what can i say outstanding acting with actors on the top of there game
Very emotional film. I would say it is not as good as the first one, but it is a masterpiece nonetheless.

Best crime movie and Best sequel movie and The Best movie....
It's so nice, from a script to production i don't see any wrong.
The story is really good, more coplicated but so fun. I really like Al Pacino as Michael Corleone here.
In this film comes how to parallel things and here the director comes with two beautiful pasts telling the role of the father in his youth and then comes the role of the son and how he controls his life and from here we learn authority is not everything in the family authority comes its role in parallel events in life.
As compelling sequel as you will ever see. Al Pacino and Robert De Niro delivers the best performances of their life. All the things are just miraculous including direction. Coppola's best. But I was surprised to see that Al Pacino did not get the Oscar for this. Most unexpected piece came from Robert Duvall. The background score was perfect as were the performances by Lee Starsberg(Hyman Roth), Michael Gazzo(Frank Pentangli) who justified there best supporting actor nominations. The best sequence of the film was the court sequence. Al Pacino's cold stare as Michael is the most significant part of the film which shows the domination of the don.

The shot in Havana where Michael realizes Fredo betrayed him and he covers his face in grief is chilling. Godfather II gets better everytime I watch it. The locations, Al Pacino, John Cazale, that sleazy senator, and the cast were amazing..
This movie may be called a sequel, but is just as brilliant, or even better, than the "The Godfather". I'm usually picky, but it's really hard to find flaws in this film. The acting is brilliant (how could it not be, with Al Pacino and Robert de Niro putting on their best performances). The storyline is beyond reproach (the result of a collaboration between the author of "The Godfather", Mario Puzo, and the brilliant filmmaker Francis Ford Coppola). It is cold, sweet and majestic. This movie is a masterpiece from beginning to end. It effortlessly connects to "The Godfather" (incorporating parts from the book that were left out in that movie). The fall of Michael Corleone is, brilliantly, put in contrast to the rise to fame of his father Vito. Watch it, love it. If you don't, well then good movies probably just ain't your thing...
I watched this one so long ago, so i kinda dont remember much of it, it was good from what i remember, i would say worth a watch, and put it on your list of movies to watch. Oh and put it on the bucket list, again i dont remember it, its been a while. But, id say take the weekend and watch all three in a row.
"The Godfather: Part II" is a very suspenseful drama with a very exciting story, with great acting and great special effects. I would definitely recommend you watch this movie...but first watch the original classic from 1972 "The Godfather" . The movie may not be as good as the first movie but is still an amazing sequel.
The Godfather part 2 is one of the best movies of all time. In GF1 we are introduced to most of the characters in this second film and GF2 builds on that massively. At this point we as the viewer see Michael Corleone almost as a villain now. Al Pacino really deserved a Oscar for this film he was just brilliant and in my opinion this his best acting on film(big statement because he has many other great films) for example when Kay Adams tells Michael that she got an abortion he flips out. Also in another scene where he is picking up the kids from Kay he gives this look to Kay which such a vicious look without saying a word.These are just some of the examples of Pacino's great acting in this. Another aspect that I love about this movie is John Cazales role as Fredo Corleone. We got a view of Fredo in the first movie and it left us wanting more and we did get more in this second movie Cazale plays his role to a T and he makes you feel sorry for his character during the latter of the film. I can go on and on about this movie and its fascinating characters. A
This is one of the few sequels that is better than the original movie. And when the original movie is The Godfather... What more can you say? F.F. Coppola must have had a decade of divine inspiration when he made these two movies (1972-1974) and Apocalypse Now (79), because let's be honest: Nothing he has made since then has even come close. Sure, he has made more good movies, but these three reign supreme!
Its a big movie we Audio7 team expecting it should be hit one movie I recomen watch thi movie every ong

AUDIO 7 "Music can change the world". AUDIO7 is India's Great Music Label & Production House, believes in bringing world close together through its music.

AUDIO7 is associated with music industry from past 2 decade, having ample catalogue of music comprising Hindi & Bengali languages that covers the length & breadth of India. We believe after silence, nearest to expressing the inexpressible is Music. So, all the music lovers who believe in magic of music come join us and live the magic of music with AUDIO7.
Personally, I believe that "The Godfather Part II" is by far the greatest of the trilogy, and therefore the greatest movie ever made. Every aspect of the movie is flawless and no other movie (except the first, and Citizen Kane) comes close to its quality.

This is by far Al Pacino's best role and which he, nor any other actor, will eclipse. The Godfather Part II is also the best acted movie of all time containing career making or establishing roles for Dianne Keaton, Robert De Niro and John Cazale.

Just talking about what an accomplishment this movie was is making me want to put everything I am doing down and watch the movie again.

Easily a perfect 10 out of 10!
I love the godfather 2, why? Because I think it first as well as! As exciting! As perfect! The second part of the story respectively tells the young period of the godfather and the second generation of the story, the godfather this family has a certain amount of perfect! The second part on plot agree so affected us, isn't it? When we see young godfather of propriety, when we appreciate the second-generation godfather wisdom and method, when we again and again by the second generation godfather sad tears, whether we have noticed, godfather 2 in film history is a perfect works! A great works of art! Oh, mike's hearts bear how big of pain ah, he was just want to live a simple days, whether we want for this same great applause! Thanks to the director's devotion!
This movie is way to be good to be labelled a sequel to The Godfather . Rather it is more of a companion piece to the original
To me and probably to many other people The Godfather Part II is more of a continuation than sequel to The Godfather. Just look at the IMDb rating and you'll see I'm not the only one who feels this way. To me it as good as the first.
Wonderfull acting Amazing performance The actors made a very wonderful film by their performance and their sensitivity to their roles

This movie is too long, but it keeps you excited,so you dont feel the 3 hours at all. One of the best movies I have ever watched

" i know it was you fredo, you broke my heart you broke my heart" this scene took the god father part 2 to be the most incredible film in our history. I admire this scene
He has come so far from the idealistic young man in "GODFATHER I, who joined the Marines in World War I to serve his country and die for it if necessary, to a lonely, paranoid tragic man. There are many poignant scenes concerning his wife and children-- the drawing his son leaves for him in his bedroom, the gift that Tom buys the child because Michael is too busy, his wife Kay's being kept a virtual prisoner at his orders in the family compound, etc.


Just perfect successor of the 1st instalment..alpachino shines even more than the 1st one..
Alpacino is the one who really diserved the Oscar, not Robert Deniro
It was not as much as the first part. I was eagerly waiting for any twist in the film but it does not. A little disappointment for me as it was made a sequel to great film. Good screenplay and actors done well.
This movie, coming after the first, is a change of pace. The micheal segments of the film are more politcal, strategic, and focused on the sematics of the mafia than the previous film, and because of this it loses its charm from the last film. Aswell as this, because of how uncaring and heartless micheal is, its hard to attach to him as a character, the character isnt interesting enough in other ways to be likeable to me. the main aspect which saves the film is the vito corleone flashbacks, these segments are great insight into vitos past, with great acting from robert de niro, honestly if this was the main part of the film, this would easily be better than pt 1. The ending atleast is nicely thought provoking, and makes you wonder what happened to micheal, but the rest of the micheal segments arent amazing. Pt 1 be better indeed
I have never understood how Godfather I and II can be separated on any list of ratings. They are virtually a single movie and one of the best ever made at that. From any critical perspective the presentation is a 10, perfect. The movie came to define a whole generation of American males. More characters from this story became icons than can be said of any other movie of the last fifty years. This fact alone makes it suitable for consideration as best ever. But if I is #1 than II should be #2. Nothing else makes any sense.
The Godfather II is the best film in the business. Although I'm a great fan of Godfather, I believe that the second part is far more compelling than its former. Two reasons, I believe Mario Puzo, while writing Godfather, wanted to highlight the fact that even mafisios or even Gangsters always, have a good side to them. WITH EVERY EVIL THERE IS GOOD. This message was beautifully portrayed in Godfather II, while Godfather was not as effective. With the brilliance of Al Pacino matching Marlon Brando, and amazing acting by Robert de Niro, this movie is the titanic of all movies...the best sequeal ever made, and better yet, the best movie ever conceived. Should be Number 1!!!
Impossible to believe that the second movie could be as engaging as the first. The casting of young Don Vito was outstanding, with DeNiro portraying the mannerisms to a magnificent performance.

One of the outstanding movies of our lifetime.

Love this movie the action blows me away. One of the greatest movies of all times. I've seen over a million times and still feel the suspense. You know mane.. Best line ever and I hope every one enjoy it.
This is the best crime/gangster movie of all time. I can't recommend this masterpiece more. A very dramatic and unpredictable movie, faster paced movie then the original godfather. The best part of this movie is when we see the beginning story of Vito, who is amazingly portrayed by De Niro.
After watching the first movie, i wasn't sure to continue watching but the second part was really mesmerizing.
One of the all-time great movies, and probably the best sequel ever. A little slow at parts, but there's really little in this story that could be left out. De Niro is at his best as young Vito.

BTW, The Godfather and The Godfather Part II are the only original/sequel pair to both walk away with the Best Picture Oscar. That should tell you something.
Beautiful movie with amazing plot the cast is fantastic the scenery is breathtaking and overall a great great movie to watch
A work of cinematic art in every-way imaginable. The scope and brilliance of it all is hard to discuss. It just elevates the crime/mafia/mob movie to another level with its attention to details, acting, music and story telling.

A Must Watch for ALL CINEMA LOVERS!!!

For me the film is the perfect mixed from the story of the family to now
For me the film is the perfect mixed from the story of the family to now

Time can prove everything,but it can also drop everything.Life is either ordinary or great.It can be seen from the godfather that the poor can't be fair with the so-called capitalist people in their life. Focusing on history or the present future,living is living for dignity and value.You can only grow up in cold eyes and ridicule,then destroy or survive. Life is just like the godfather,who either destroys or does everything to be a villain reviled by thousands of people and achieves his own life.Only when we have so-called strong and unlimited capital can we have the right to discuss everything.Just take this qualification to be a real self.To achieve their own status,the dominant side!
I liked it alot! But it wasn't my type of movie. I still want people to see it ! and the director did an amazing job!
I suggest you to watch it. I loved it. But only problem is this film is too old and doesn't have a nice quality. but I love it. Nice. Nice. Nice
Another sequel of The Godfather series that Melo drama epic crime film hasn't loss the character portrayal as mafia.
The second part is also as much convincing as the first one.
This movie is AMAZING even to this day. How can you not like/love Al Pacino as Michael. My all time favorite movie.
I liked it and i watched it over 3 times it is amazing and if u wan so watch it watch is it is amazing omg watch it omg watch iti liked it
Story is well written and executed.a A must watch movie for everyone.
MR_Heraclius23 February 2020 "The Godfather: Part II" is a very suspenseful drama with a very exciting story, with great acting and great special effects. I would definitely recommend you watch this movie...but first watch the original classic from 1972 "The Godfather" . The movie may not be as good as the first movie but is still an amazing sequel.
AMAZING AND A CLASSIC MOVIE, EVERYONE SHOULD SEE, HAS AN AMAZING STORY BUT THE FIRST ONE ITS BETTER


One of the greatest movies of all time !! Great soundtrack !!
"The Godfather: Part II" is a very suspenseful drama with a very exciting story, with great acting and great special effects. I would definitely recommend you watch this movie...but first watch the original classic from 1972 "The Godfather" . The movie may not be as good as the first movie but is still an amazing sequel.
This is another must watch! You feel like you are part of the family!
The Godfather Part II is a 1974 American epic crime film produced and directed by Francis Ford Coppola from the screenplay co-written with Mario Puzosas.
The movie is so captivating you are entrenced from beginning to end. The film chronicals the young life of Don Vito Corleone(Robert De Niro)and the assension of the mafia empire in the 1950's by his Michel(Al Pacino)The film is just as captivating as the original and gives you a stroll through Little Italy at the turn of the century.In all the greatest Mob/Drama of all time.
To say that this film is a sequel is a sin. Al Pacino and Robert de Niro win the Oscar for this film, Robert de Niro's performance as Vito Corleone is perfect, every scene in which this one is perfect.
Awsome movie watch it and enjoy. Best movie ever of hollywood.
Personally I think that this is the best movie Francis Ford Coppola has ever made. But I personally see the Godfather triology as ONE masterpiece. And I can honestly say that this is the best movie ever made when it comes to drama films. I mean this is the reason why I started to watch movies in the first place!

The ONLY grade you can give this movie is 10/10!!! Anything under that is an act of war against REAL movie lovers.

Sign: ZooR
PERFECTION does not begin to describe this film or it's prequel. Pacino is sensational but it almost pains me to say; multiply his talant by 6,000,000 and a brief picture of DeNiro's little finger may develop, words cannot describe this man and this movie is his defining role. Don't get me wrong, Pacino is beyond words in this picture but DeNiro is Godlike. DeNiro along with Brando have created the greatest character in motion picture history.
"The Godfather: Part II" is seen, by many, as the greatest sequel in movie history and one of the best films of all time. Some even think it's better than "The Godfather". As for me, who am I to argue?! The film IS great--and deserved the Best Picture Award and its placement at #3 on IMDb's Top 100 list! And, since there are over 500 reviews for it on the site, I can't think of why I am even bothering to review it. After all, what's one more review that sings its praises?! The acting, writing, direction and entire production is perfect. What more can you say? If you do see the film (and you MUST), try to watch the version that combines the first two films into one--and adds additional story to make it one huge and perfect epic. You simply can't be a film buff without seeing this picture.

I deliberately wrote "light" failure, not a strong failure, because the film, after all, is worthwhile, despite the errors. First, the brilliant Al Pacino and Robert De Niro can pull almost any creation to a normal level. And secondly, the topic is so interesting, so beloved by the audience, because the mafia is always in price, and films from it too. But there are some things that fail that make the film mundane, that make a possible masterpiece into just a good movie.

I deliberately wrote "light" failure, not a strong failure, because the film, after all, is worthwhile, despite the errors. First, the brilliant Al Pacino and Robert De Niro can pull almost any creation to a normal level. And secondly, the topic is so interesting, so beloved by the audience, because the mafia is always in price, and films from it too. But there are some things that fail that make the film mundane, that make a possible masterpiece into just a good movie.

The first time I saw this movie, it made me up! although I saw the Godfather series not in the order because first I saw part 2 then the last one and after all the first one "THE GODFATHER". But when I think, among them part two was something else! The Godfather is a violent movie which is about a mafia family and their story and it is really a good one! Specially because it is from a perfect director and writer "Francois Ford Capello". I really recommend you to see all parts. This movie has a very slow theme and if you liked this director's film I recommend you to watch "Apocalypse Now" too 'cause that is a good movie as well.
Many people seem to regard THE GODFATHER PART II as a better movie than THE GODFATHER PART I but it is certainly an even better movie than its excellent predecessor. Unfortunately, I have to disagree with most people. Although this movie is very good, I have no criticism and it is as well made as the original, I think the original has the advantage of leaving that spark of emotion on what will happen.


The Godfather Part II is not really a movie about the mafia, it is a movie about a man's life long struggle. Michael controls a vast empire that is constantly slipping out of his hands. He grows increasingly distrustful and paranoid, and even shows signs that he hates his own life. Michael almost seems to resent the fact that he is a natural born crime lord, a man who puts the family business ahead of everything.

The great Don Michael Corleone can never come to terms with one simple fact.... his father's empire was built on love and respect, Michael's empire is built on fear and violent treachery.
I don't think it's fair to label this movie a sequel to The Godfather. The two complement each other perfectly and are more of a companion piece to the original. There is a prequel and a sequel to it, showing the rise of Vito and the moral decline of Michael. Al Pacino and Robert DeNiro play both characters with uncanny ability. A nuclear bomb makes a loud noise, so describing these two actors as good actors would be like saying that they are at the top of their respective crafts. It is fascinating how Al Pacino's eyes have changed since the first part of the movie. He is the star of the ensemble cast. They are now cold , ruthless and unemotional. They betray the price that Michael Corleone has paid for power. Watch this movie and learn why it is the greatest gangster film of all time.
Coppola was hesitant to make a sequel to his original Godfather masterpiece, but when he did he wrote a script that was so well written, it rivals the first installment.

We see the darker side to Micheal's personality, and the stupidity in Fredo. Pacino took the role and made himself an instant icon. Not many sequel are as good as the first, this is one huge exception.
I saw this movie again last week (probably for the 20th time). I believe this is the greatest movie ever made. I saw the original movie in 1972 and had never had as fantastic a movie experience. For years I thought that movie would never be topped. But then Godfather II came out - I also saw that one the first week out and it was an even better experience than the first!
The movie was excellent. I recomend it to anyone who hasn't seen it. The way the played their parts perfectly outstanded me. I hope and think anyone who see's it will love it. I know I did. I'm going to by it soon.
it is really a wonderful film,and maybe the best sequel i have ever seen.

first,you may think it wins our hearts by the splendid plot.but in fact,when taken into a second thought,you will find it is a great story about growing,the way a boy growing into a man,and the long,long roads he takes in the role transforming.

the two stories ,respectively about the father and the son,are similar but absolutely different,which reflects the excellence of the director and the script.the father,wins by love and make people do what he wants to.while the son,wins by hate and force people do what he wants to.both win the power and statue,but one lost his family and the other not.
I feel that this is the greatest sequel in film history sometimes better than the first. You have a great intro to Vito's life leaving Sicily making a name for himself by killing fanucci. Michael is so powerful in this one, taking over as the 'Don'. Robert De Niro plays a terrific role as the young Vito Corleone, in my eyes he didn't over act, knowing he had to fill a big pair of shoes following Marlon Brando. In all it's not a sequel only out to make money, It's a great screenplay, terrific acting, and what can i say that you haven't heard about the directing. A 10/10 in my book I'll watch this movie till im an old man, and show my kids this piece of film making history.
Great movie and actores i like the music background

This is the best out of all three Godfather movies. Political wars, mob wars, where the Corleone family started and great cinematography. Robert De Niro stars as Don Vito Corleone and makes a big impact in the film rising up through the ranks of the tough streets of America and raising his own family and mob. A political war which was evidently true to the Mafia and probley still is to pay for there way of life and to get the cops of there back. Al Pacino plays a great Mafiosi boss which you can imagine if you've ever seen Scarface. I feel he plays with more emotion in this than Scarface and maybe his best film. It is the best Mafia film of all time showing real strength in the gang and uncontrollable losses and downfalls. Altogether its a great watch and for any valid cinema lover its a must watch film.
To this day i can't get why people say this movie is better than the first. The casting of Robert De Niro as the young Vito Corleone ruins this movie for me.
Almost perfect. Definitely worth your time to watch this!
It's a slow paced movie, with great acting performance, unforgettable soundtrack. Engaging plot and very intense scene, but it's very long.

I think that a modern cut would benefit drammaticaly this movie.


The best movie ever made, if you do not like it, do not enjoy it, you'll have to admit that at least it is an amazing movie, with an amazing story line. If you never watched it, you must. It's a long movie but while watching it time flies and you will want to watch it over and over again. Do not miss the chance.

A good film, but loved the first version of The God Father


The Godfather saga continues with full momentum in this second installment. Al Pacino and Rober Deniro fit their roles like a glove. Any fan of films should have already seen this masterpiece. If not go rush to the store now. Vito's consolidation of power and the founding of the Corleone Empire is delivered in perfection. Any questions the audience had about the inner workings of the Corleone organization is answered very clearly. One of the best endings also, it really makes you hungry for more, at the same time not disappointed or cheated. Robert Duvall returns again to play the legal representative of the Corleone family as well as Diane Keaton as Michael Corleone's (Pacino) wife. Both fill the roles well, particularly Duvall who plays the character who always plays it safe. Not a common trait among the organization. Only Francis Ford Coppola could have pulled so many complex strings together to create this landmark film.
Not as effective as the first movie, but still a movie that can be watched for those who want to continue the series
Masterpiece, chef-d'oeuvre. One of the best films of all time.
Its a movie i enjoyed but i cant be good after watching The Godfather part 1 because it was to good.
I have just watched this film 10 times and all the time I think about the film decetingly, what is the amazing cinematography, what is the acting done by every actor and actress and the writer and director of this film has a different vision to stand in front of the people.
One of the best movies ever...............................


i heard about The Godfather series but never tried to see it because i thought it would be old fashioned but yesterday i made my mind to watch this and i couldn't believe its so good. i mean how the hell anyone make such a beautiful movie.

its not only about gangsters but it has something that touches your heart.

it shows value of your relations and your family. and as for acting is concerned its awesome , especially al pacino was really great . i really liked the 2nd part. but 3rd one was just a bit lower than first two.

all i can say is its the best movie series i ever saw even more beautiful than The LOrd Of the Ring series , my previous best movie.
This movie is very good because i played in this movie as a boy named Noah. The movie was just fantastic so was the affects it was so fun filming with the cast and crew. Everyone had fun with all the action we had good laughs. I know you guys will like the movie i really think you guys should check it out. It is a very good movie and i promise you will love it. and you'll want your kids to watch it with you because your going to enjoy i promise you will just check it out near you.
I love so much. The actors, the director, the history. This is a wonderful movies. One of my favorites. Script and photography are sensational. The effect The light and dark of the photo is wonderful. A script and directing class for all cinema lovers. One of the best in history.
At that time, the rhythm of the movie was too far from the present, and the climax was not prominent. It seems to be outdated now. At that time, it was a good movie, but it was ordinary or even worse than the current movie.
It is my favorite movie, I saw it many times with my family
A must see nice change from the hour wedding in the first movie nice walk back in time

Amazing sequel... All Pacino at his best... Amazing story carry forward never missing a single reference from part 1
This movie tells how to use the mind very carefully. In the stages of difficulties and problems, we have to mange ourselves according to the situation. If you want to get something then you should not snatch it from someone, but you have to do the thing that he himself agrees to give that to you.
One of the best movies. i love de niro in this movie

Simply the best, ever cast did the job Specially Al Pacino and Robert de Nero
This was a very well put together movie. It showed no flaws. Incredible performances by Al Pacino, Robert De Niro, Lee Strasberg, Diane Keaton, and Michael V Gazzo.
Probably the best sequel ever, with depth of characters and complexity of plot rarely equaled. You should not live in modern Western society without having seen the first two Godfather movies, and if you can make it through the third you're a better person than I.
The Godfather: Part II is perhaps the only movie ever made with not one single flaw. While other movies may be great, they are all flawed. I have see this phenomenal sequel many times and still have not spotted a flaw. From a great story line to first class acting, this picture has it all.

If that doesn't say enough, all you have to think about is that this masterpiece is a sequel. It is a follow-up story to a classic. Usually, sequels are often weak and never live up to the original. The Godfather: Part II is the exception to the rule as it not only equals the original, it makes it subordinate!
Please see this film and vote for it. "Pacino" was all you could expect from an actor of such quality. Better than the first one. If you miss it then you have my deepest sympathy for this is a must for serious film lovers.

The Godfather of all movies. Incredible the way Robert deNiro and Pacino act. Robert deNiro equals and maybe he's even better then Marlon Brando, Al Pacino is better (a Don the whole time). As an appetizer, we see James Caan in the end. This should be #1 in the IMDB top-250, surely. Watch it, please.
The movie shows to be pretty exciting to watch, and it really catch peoples attention!

This is the best movi all the time. I remember seeing this movie for the first time in late 2008, and I was imressed. Everything has unpredicted.

Best movie ever!!!Best movie ever!!!Best movie ever!!!Best movie ever!!!Best movie ever!!!Best movie ever!!!

Quality charcters and senario very succesful movie

Dbcdoindcoidhvsoisdvjoidsvjrsoihgrsoisrgjiprgsjdhspojhsopjhdspojsafposafjfaspojaspojasfopsfajpofsajpsoaj

The action and intense behavior was amazing Respect of the hustle and power was well demonstrated in this film
The movie is okay the girst one was better i think
Al Pacino is 1 of the greatest actors that through the live and he can never do anything wrong
Amazing work, keep it up and always make more Amazing work, keep it up and always make more Amazing work, keep it up and always make more Amazing work, keep it up and always make more
Ly acted by Robert De Niro and a worthy Oscar winner) and the rise to power of Michael as the head of the family. Francis Coppola recollaborated with many of the crew members of the first film and again achieves a quite superb period piece thanks to the cinematography of Gordon Willis and set design of Dean Tavoularis. The acting performances are outstanding, hence three supporting oscar nominations for acting guru Lee Strasberg (Hyman Roth), Michael Gazzo (Frank Pentangeli) and Robert De Niro (young Vito Corleone). Duvall, Keaton, Cazale and Shire all provided first rate performances but it is the performance of Al Pacino which steals the show, expertly portraying Michael as a cool, calculating, suspicious Don Corleone. The film expands upon

And there's nothing else to say. Just watch the film as many times as possible.
I Love this movie so much I have to keep watching it...
This is a beautiful movie, effects in this movie are amazing. The topic is unique and acting of everyone is fantastic.
Once you watch the first movie you want to see them all. The way the family and mafia story was told is very attractive narratively and visually. The actions that lead you to be in history every moment and live it as if you were there. The photography during many scenes that were performed in low key is beautiful, they add drama to the dialogues and emotions. Definitely a classic to see.
This is one of the best movies I have ever seen...
With out any word this movie is the best one in the history with shining of alpacino.


Because of michale's path being a godfather is more absorbing
This is a masterpiece movie and totally loved it. The cast it too strong do anyone to watch and the story is simply pure masterpiece.
Say hello to my little friend! What more is needed...
A Good Movie. Well scripted and the ending was fantastic

I have watched it so many time but still I love this movie so mucj
In these days when Lord of the Rings (FOTR) hit the box office and fantasy cinema is having its second peak after Star Wars, the best thing that a person who hate fantasy should do is watching this movie.

Godfather part II shines with the actors. De Niro and Pacino are on top of their undeniable talents. The most striking two things about the movie except great directing and acting, are the story of a father and son simultaneously (showing them nearly at the same age) and the great story that includes shocking moments like murder of Don Corleone (DeNiro) or his revenge after coming back to his hometown after years. What can I say, it worths every minute you spend and it is better than Godfather Part I...
I like this film cause motivated to will be rich and work hard. When I play casino, always mention this film! Cool!
Masterpiece!!!!!!

One of the bests i put this one higher than first ep in my rankings.

I've watched this movie 3 times. For both parts of the film, it has so much meaning that only people who have watched and read the novel will understand.
The sublime transcendence between timelines is a thing of pure magic.
A dive into the life of the Corleone family. The film moves gracefully between Michael's war for the family business and the life of young Vito Corleone (Robert De Niro, in a brilliant performance that won him an Oscar) in his rise to power. Robert Duvall, Diane Keaton, Lee Strassberg and John Cazale provide him with excellent support. The music of Carmine Coppola and Nino Rota is a true masterpiece. The film is professionally shot and the photography is remarkable.

I thought the first Godfather wouldn't be beaten but the Godfather: Part 2 has all the ingredients to a really good Italian chicken pesta. It portrays it's own history of the Italian black hand and it gives a good story in both America and Italy. If you are a lover of anything Italian, this movie will be your everything.
Tanx great movie tanx for director i watch agai and again best ...
Great story I prefer this sequel over the first Godfather
It's the best gangster movie It's good as the first one
Amazingly shot and amazing performances. There just isn't another film like it.
The way the two stories correlate, mixed with the grand performances by all actors and the masterful direction, it makes this one the best of the Godfather Trilogy.
Amazing! THis is a good family story. It is a stand alone cirme family story and one of the best ever made. Nice one!


It was interesting better than the first one the characters were well done
Loved the story, what a great film. One of the all time great films I have watched.
Fantastic filme. I hope they will make like this movie in the future.

Great movie that change many things. Personaly one of the best i have ever watched.
In particular Al pacino was show perfect performance. Additionally, I loved this part of godfather better than others.

To say that this film is a sequel is a sin. Al Pacino and Robert de Niro win the Oscar for this film, Robert de Niro's performance as Vito Corleone is perfect, every scene in which this one is perfect. Al Pacino as always perfect and unlike the first film, he is much better.
The first godfather was one of the most special films ever produced, but the second is a sequel and a prequel mixed into one spellbinding three hour movie event. The fact that Robert de Niro played a young Marlon Brando is ironic as the young de Niro was fast claiming the crown as one of the best actors of that or any other generation. The detail in the locations and set design is immense and well worth a closer look. The acting is amongst the finest ever seen on the screen and the direction is simply out of this world. Overall, one of the greatest films ever made, with an ensemble cast and script to match.
This movie has explained the life of underworld people in a great way. It also shows how vengeance eradicates happiness from your life. People don't even care about their family in greed of power. It's a masterpiece that can never be written off even after centuries. Even if you are not into these kind of movies, I will suggest to watch it for atleast once in your life or you'll be deprived of one of the greatest things to watch that have been ever made.
EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS MOVIE WAS GREAT. The script, the direction, the cast, the performance, everything in this film is perfect and its 3 hours are worth it.

It's a master class in filmmaking. Everything about this sequel in an improvement over the original. It'll be interesting to see when another sequel can ever be this good.

I am in love with all the Godfather movies and think Francis Ford Coppola did a fantastic job. One of the unique characteristics of this movie that separates it from the other two is the fact that is switches from Don's childhood to his adulthood. Robert DeNiro is awesome as well as Al Pacino.
"Far and Away" is a movie that joins astonishing visual splendor with a story so simple-minded it seems intended for adolescents; watching it, I kept being reminded of the "Childhoods of Famous Americans" books, in which plucky young people made their way in life.
Jens to the same thing you can you so much bro so many things in your company to represent me and the bell is the day is not is a great weekend or a day and night s the best and the same as last week is 9dmkdjdnnd skins of the same and let us know what is the day bro in your 8jjjsnsn and my family a lot to do with you so I can you bro jazakallah Khair kare to.
The saga continues with Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) fully in charge as the unflinching leader. The family drama just gets more and more darker. We are seeing the moral disintegration of Michael. The movie also gets a separate timeline for young Vito Corleone (Robert De Niro). While that is interesting at times, it is very disruptive especially since it's all in Italian.

Meanwhile, Michael's story keeps getting better. How could you forget "I know it was you, Freddo. You broke my heart." or "Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer." And John Cazale shines as Fredo. His exchanges with Al Pacino are epic. And the emotional grenade tossed by Kay (Diane Keaton) is absolutely stunning. All in all, it is a great effort for a sequel to a masterpiece!!!
Great movie still holds up well today. Cinematography top notch, acting amazing from whole cast, directing on point, casting fantastic. Couldn't ask for anything better .

This movie is way to be good to be labelled a sequel to The Godfather . Rather it is more of a companion piece to the original and the two perfectly compliment each other . IT is both a sequel and prequel showing the rise of the young vito and moral decline of Micheal . Both characters are brought to life with uncanny ability by Robert DeNiro and Al Pacino . To say that these two are good actors is like saying that a nuclear bomb makes a loud noise and in this movie they prove why they are at the top of their respective crafts .

Al Pacino is the standout in the ensemble cast and its amazing how his eyes have changed from the first part . They are now cold , ruthless and unemotional and betray the price which Micheal Corleone has paid for power .

Watch this movie and learn why it is the greatest gangster film of all time.

I love this a lot. Waiting for the next one. Highly recommended. Here i would also like to share one thing that all the characters of The God Father 2 are superb. You will enjoy a lot.

Godfather part two is a sequel of equal stature to its predecessor. This installment follows the life of the Corleone family under the reign of Michael Corleone. This film explores the life of Don Corleone journeying from Sicily to America in the past whilst dealing with Michael and his take no prisoners attitude. All in all this film is a wonder with brilliant performance from De Niro and Pacino
I do need to agree that contacting Godfather Aspect II a sequel is rather insulting. It truly is a type of scarce sequels that just about outdoes the main, and thinking of how incredible the initial Godfather was that claims a great deal. The Godfather Portion II is lengthier, but in a few techniques It is usually richer. Men and women may possibly say like with the initial it can be sluggish and normally takes a while to unfold. Naturally, but I believe that was deliberate. Both this and the 1st Godfather have an elegiac excellent to them which makes them much more powerful.

For one thing, the film is very well made.

While the Godfather part one was truly a classic and epic, this sequel is the film which sold me on the Godfather films. In fact I believe this is one of the few movie sequels in history which provided that a sequel can actually be better then the original/first part. Without spoiling anything, when Michael says the infamous line to Fredo at the party it made this film the best in my eyes. The acting and story are both superb as well. This was the era when both Pacino and DeNiro were at their best and at their peaks. Nowadays these two sell out for the top dollar, unfortunately, however in the 70's-early 90's they were always bringing the A game and this film is one of the proofs of this.
I wrote a comment on this movie back in '99 (as oddjob-6) which I still stand by, but now I see why. Pacino's acting in GF I was overshadowed by the little production and directorial flaws that weren't apparent in GF II. Pacino in GF I changed from a naive happy (in love) character into a ruthless killer. For that alone he deserved best supporting actor for the Oscar. He also deserved best actor in GF II (He was so good in II), but his best transformation will always be the first movie. For these two movies alone, Pacino should now have three Oscars (including his '92 film 'Scent of a Woman'). Now that gold statues really matter, movie buffs know this already.
This movie to me, is even better than the first Godfather movie. It has more heart ache, and even though these men aren't the most admirable, you still feel admiration and pain for them. When they are betrayed, you feel betrayed. I love how this movie makes you feel, and makes you want to be a part of their family. This is an amazing movie, one of the best ever made, a must see!
This is a great movie about family, strength, organized crime and honor. It is the best sequel i've ever seen!! with great acting from al pacino

Still an all time classic that does not get dated despite the time period. Hard to watch at times. I skip the violence.
This is the most beautiful sequel I have ever watched. The movie in itself is filled with scenes, that will leave a long impact in you over the period of time. Especially, if you would have completed reading "The Godfather", the novel, and then watch this movie, I bet you will love this one for sure. Scenes like Vito's mother getting shot; Vito's emerging as man to be respected in his neighborhood, outweighing Fanucci; Michael's scenes with the Senator; the review committee scene, which brings in Frank's brother towards the end, and the climax scene; each of them makes the story as interesting as it could. The screenplay goes real good. The story bottom-line is aptly defined. There is no place in this movie which would seem dragging out.Great movie to watch. Will go down in my memory as one of the best ever classics.Ten on Ten for this one.
The godfather 2 is the best sequel that hollywood may ever achieve. Good story, heartbreaking, and leaves you thinking about it after its over. Also we get to see Robert Deniro as the wonderful Don Corleone. Also how Micheal transforms into a dark monster over the years running the family business. The best scene is the surprise party for Vito and it was just brillant to add that scene in. I think that is one ingredient that helped this movie pick up best picture. Not to mention the godfather 2 is the first sequel to win best picture. This sequel may be better than the original and if not it is just as entertaining which makes at a good sequel. The godfather 2 is brillantly acted by Robert Deniro and Al Pacino. Al Pacino should have won best actor in this film because he does such a good job as Micheal Corleone. Overall if you haven't seen this picture, what are you waiting for?
The Godfather Part II is arguably the greatest film ever made. Every single bit of it is a model of perfection, it's just amazing. Francis Ford Coppola has managed to do something very difficult - to surpass the first part of The Godfather saga. The cinematography, the dialogue, the script, the acting and every other part of this movie are impeccable and amazing. I strongly believe that Al Pacino's performance in this film is maybe the greatest acting performance of all time. The way he develops his character from a young, innocent boy to a ruthless crime lord is mind-blowing. I cannot believe that he lost the Oscar, since this performance, in my humble opinion, is the best in his career. Robert De Niro is also mesmerizing, less than Pacino though, but nevertheless he won a very well-deserved Oscar. Robert Duvall shines as Tom Hagen and John Cazale is very convincing as Fredo. To sum it all up - this movie is a masterpiece, a must-see, it's literally flawless!

