
Definitely not my favorite of the 3 but it's hard when the first 2 were just that good. It still portrays well, from my historical knowledge, much of the struggle of the mob families to legitimize their business dealings and try to enjoy life in the later age of the mafia in America. Al Pacino performs brilliantly and I enjoyed Joe Mantegna in his roll. Definitely worth the watch if you were a fan of the previous 2 films.




It's a bit like musical chairs, except when you're out, you get a bullet in the snout, or where you pout, or just anywhere really, they're not too fussy, although it must get a little messy, with all the blood and guts and bits and stuff. It's amazing anyone has the nerve to sleep, as round every corner an assassin seems to peep, I mean you can't get by without a bit of kip, but knowing the mortal coil could at any moment slip, I think I'd be inclined to make a runner and disappear, but they always seem to find you, or so it seems to appear, but I reckon I could make a good escape, put on a cape, a mask, a wig, maybe grow a beard and moustache. At least I wouldn't be perpetually attending a funeral every week, or maybe every day, twice a day - you just don't know how lucky you are!!!

I fondly remember Edward G. Robinson films being better than this, Jimmy Cagney even, George Raft was the best mob villain by a country mile.


I've heard a lot of debate about this movie and how it's worse than the other two. But why the hell should that mean that it's not good. This part is horribly underrated and should be given the same energy and attention as the first two movies. I don't suppose that the death of Corleone would be the best of the first two, which is building up and showcasing each of the characters. I'm not gonna lie, Sophia's character kinda ruined it for me. Her performance was exceptional. I'm not criticizing the actor but I can't say I liked the character much. But maybe that was the point of it all. Al Pacino is so good at portraying Michael Corleone and there was no actor in the world that could have done it better than him. The ending of this movie had me in tears, literally snot everywhere and clenching on to the pillow for dear life. The end of The Godfather trilogy had me crying for days, but there was no better way to end it than they did.
Honestly. It's awful. Melodramatic hogwash, stretching the story of Michael Corleone way too thin, as if we would even want to see the cold villain he became in Part 2 as sympathetic again. Please. Dude killed his brother. And it's all so derivative here, right down to Coppola stealing the use of Cavalleria Rusticana's Intermezzo for the closing sequence, music already so brilliantly used by Scorsese for the famous opening sequence of Raging Bull. THAT was a great film. This isn't even average. Oh, and good thing Sophia Coppola turned out to be a good director, because cuz, you can't act. Lol. Watch only once, if you must. But wash your mind out with one of the first 2 Godfathers after.

The Godfather Part three is a great movie but many would contest. This final installment of the greatest trilogy ever made is misunderstood by most because they do not see what this film is really about. G3 is not about hits and gangland killings, but rather, G3 is about the end of Michael Corleone's legacy of crime in America. This movie shows him stepping out of the gambling and the other rackets because they have hurt him so badly. This movie is a masterpiece because it shows the conclusion to an incredible story. There had to be an end to this trilogy and this thoughtful way to do it exemplified the trilogy as an unbeatable one. Just because it doesn't end with a violent scene like the murder of the heads of the 5 families does not make it a bad movie, but in this case, a beautiful one. Please, don't feel you have to agree with the common view by proxy, but think on your own about what this movie really means and how it concludes and consequences the first two.
I recently watched all three Godfather films again in sequence and was surprised at how bad GF III is when closely compared to the other two fims. There are characters in the film whose presence is never made clear (i.e. George Hamilton, Brigette Fonda and Don Novello - Father Guido Sarducci??) The major characters bear little resemblance to themselves from the previous films. Connie Corleone is now a major supporter of Michael even though she knows he had her husband killed? Michael now has a change of heart and tries to go "legit" even though he so eagerly immersed himself into the power and control of the Corleone family. And Kay continues to "hang around" even though she dreads Michael and all that he stands for. Why?? The movie drags on in parts and never really gains it's true identity untill the end of the film during the opera scene. Not even Winona Ryder who was scheduled to be cast in the part of Mary could have helped. It only serves to give us an appetite for the earlier two films. Both of which I consider masterpieces.

This is my third time watching GF3, with about 8-9 years between each viewing. I probably won't watch it again. It's not just that it pales in comparison to the first two movies. Watching it now, completely separated from its predecessors, makes that clear. In fact, for a while I was thinking "eh, this isn't so bad". But it really is. Slow and boring, with a complicated web of Vatican blah blah that is too hard to follow, and yet all the major emotional themes are presented in a wretchedly blunt fashion. Everyone pretty much blurts out exactly what they're feeling. I think Eli Wallach and Talia Shire might be the only decent performances in the movie. And speaking of performances... you know where I'm going with this. Sofia Coppola has taken a lot of crap for her role in this film (and Francis for casting her), and deserves every bit of it. She's awful, awful, awful. There are a few lyrical sequences and intriguing elements, but overall it's a dull, muddled, heavy-handed mess.
Godfather III is generally underrated because because it is more intellectual, subtle, and psychological than the first two. There's lots more Italian language, operatic venues, references to subtleties like the P2 masonic lodge, and there is the inner revelation of Michael Corleone's soul. Pacino should have won an Oscar for his performance. The movie would be a good staging point for a Godfather IV, with "Vincenzo Corleone" and Connie Corleone running things, while developing further the relationship between Michael, and his wife and son.

¿Why there is not The Godfather CODA as an standalone tittle in this platform?

Such as Justice League and Zack Snyder's Justice League. There is no big difference between the two, but Coda was generally received better.

Personally, I prefer Coda and I think it gives a more proper ending to one of the best movie trilogies of all time. Giving emphasis on the metaphorical dead of Michael Corleone, instead of his physical one.

While I still prefer the original ending, this version is better overall and make us wonder what would've been of it if they gave Coppola the time he demanded to make a better film...
I am glad this movie exists. Glad they went back to see Michael Corleone years after the devastation he endures at the end of Godfather 2. How his empire grew. His sister is still at his side. His ex-wife returns and has to deal with is own children. He becomes a surrogate father for his late brother, Sonny's child. There are a lot of full circle elements to this film. The exterior shots are beautiful. The action is the most of any in the series. It is a very different film from the first two. Less of a masterpiece and more of a love letter to those who loves the franchise. A nice finish.
I was extremely excited to see the new cut of The Godfather Part III. I bought a digital copy. As I was seeing the movie, I could barely notice any changes.

By the trailer of this movies, I was led to believe that Sofia Coppola's role was going to be drastically cut; that was not the case. As you probably now, her acting has been the biggest point of contention against Part III.

After the movie ended, I felt that I was cheated. The differences in The Godfather Part III and The Godfather Coda are just too small to make a big deal out of them. I was expecting to see a big improvement that take this movie closer to the level of the first two parts, but was very disappointed.
I finally saw it ! As a total devotee of the two previous installments, I avoided seeing the third one, on purpose, people I respect had told me about the disappointment and, quite honestly, I didn't go there. Last night I did and surprise, surprise, it moved me no end. Maybe because I haven't seen the other two in four years. Yes at times is more Ken Russell than Francis Ford Coppola and in my book that's not a bad thing. I was, however, a bit taken aback by the healing in Pacino's Michael as far as Keaton's Kay is concerned. As it nothing had ever happened, while in Diane Keaton the memory of that pain is always present. Talia Shire is a lot of fun as a sort of Madame Sin. Raf Vallone, superb as the doomed Pope John Paul I and then a bit puzzling casting choices that I think they me code for something. George Hamilton, for instance, takes over from where Rubert Duvall left off. Helmut Berger plays the head of the Vatican Bank. Helmut Berger! Just as curious as to find Troy Donahue in The Godfather Part II - All in all, I'm really glad I've seen it and I'm sure I'll see it again.
Well done finale to the fantastic saga of the Corleone family with Coppola's daughter Sofia being the only weak link in the acting area. Garcia is brilliant and carries the same vigor and power as Caan before him. Pacino still has that touch as Michael, now in his later years. The film moves along briskly and features great support from Mantegna, Wallach and a surprisingly well used George Hamilton. Wasn't as big a hit at the Oscars as the first two installments, but the saga is still one of the most important series of films ever made.

In this, the third (and hopefully final) Godfather film, mafia boss Michael Corleone (Al Pacino), wracked with guilt over his past sins, is one step closer to becoming a legitimate businessman. He's already earned respectability in the eyes of the church, who award him the holy order of St. Sebastian, but, to paraphrase Michael himself, just when he thought he was out, 'they' pull him back in.

Sofia Coppola cops a lot o' the blame for the failure of The Godfather Part III, but it's not all her fault: sure, her emotionless delivery of her lines is painful to endure, but no more so than Pacino's uncharacteristic performance, Andy Garcia's smug face, Diane Keaton's horrible hair, and the dreary script that forces the viewer to sit through hours of boring business deals, an unconvincing romance between first cousins Vincent (Garcia) and Mary (Coppola), several crushingly dull Catholic ceremonies, and lots of operatic singing, with only the faintest hint of mafia shenanigans to still qualify it as a Godfather film.

So bad that it tarnishes the whole series. Seems like a rip off of the previous two, as if some other film maker had tried to copy Coppola's style. Cliche-ridden, poor story, poor acting, passionless film-making, uses the same dramatic devices and dialog of first 2 movies, complete lack of originality, a movie that should not have been made, Coppola's cupboard is bare. He over-mined this theme.

This movie is way too facile in the way it attempts to resurrect Michael . The whole thing felt like a giant backpedal, and it was just a self serving tour guide with some pretty scenes. In my view, the glossing over of difficult or destroyed relationships actually undoes (not in plot but in spirit) the entire second movie. The acting is second rate, and by the time the plot got rolling, I didn't care.

The love scenes were awkward. Andy Garcia seemed plastic and unbelievable, and Sophia should have stayed behind the camera.

There was some suffering all right, but no Godfather could ever undo the movie goers agony at having to sit through this mess, not even at a daughter''s wedding.

In the midst of trying to legitimize his business dealings in 1979 New York and Italy, aging mafia don Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) seeks to vow for his sins while taking a young protégé under his wing.

As difficult as it might be to have a good sequel, and harder still to have a good follow-up to that, I think this film has succeeded. By retaining the look, feel and cast -- while introducing strong new actors -- we have the "Godfather" story continued on even further. Perhaps even a fourth might have worked?

There is something about redemption that takes the gangster story and makes it real, and especially in the third act of an epic series. Does Michael Corleone repent? Is he faking? Can he buy his way into Heaven? I am not the one to judge, but if a mafioso can go legit, Michael will try his best to do it.
Francis Ford Coppola returns as director to complete his crime saga of the Corleones. Film begins many years after Part II, where an aging Michael is determined to legitimize the family business, to finally remove it from the violent setting that has dogged them for so long, but unfortunately his dealings with the Vatican, and challenges from a rival Mafia family once again pull him back into that world, and his attempts to make amends for his past, and find a worthy successor, do not go according to plan.

Al Pacino, Diane Keaton, & Talia Shire return, joined by Andy Garcia(very good as Sonny's son) Eli Wallach, and Joe Mantegna. Not a masterpiece like the first two, this does feel overly-stylized and confusing, but nonetheless is still superbly acted, with an interesting story, and fine direction, all leading to a memorable end.
I've seen the first two parts a few times each, but never got around to the much-maligned third installment until now. Not that everyone hates it. It was well reviewed and was nominated for Best Picture. It's that one element that garners most of the hate. You know which one. And, I have to say, Ms. Coppola's performance deserves the derision. It's a rare performance - a supporting one, at that - that drags the whole film down a level. She just has no business being in front of a camera. The film after her is hardly perfect, either. Pacino has entered his hammy phase. Keaton is mostly a non-entity. Frankly, the reason to watch, acting-wise, is Andy Garcia, who was the only actor in the film who earned an Oscar nomination. He's usually a bore, but he's excellent here. Talia Shire and Eli Wallach are both pretty good, as well. The film also lacks the focus of the first two films. With all that, though, it's still pretty good. Beautifully produced, of course, and Coppola's directing talent had yet to leave him (by my account, he had one more great film in him, Dracula, before he became worthless).
With many years having passed since "Part 2", Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) is now divorced from Kay (Diane Keaton), and is still trying to hold his mafia empire together. The new characters in this installment are Sonny's illegitimate son Vincent (Andy Garcia), Michael's daughter Mary (Sofia Coppola), lawyer J.B. Harrison (George Hamilton), and some others. Michael is going to the Vatican to repent, but he gets the shock of a lifetime when he arrives.

"The Godfather: Part III" has been regarded by apparently most people as the worst installment in the trilogy, but I actually didn't find it so bad. Granted, it might not reach the quality established by its predecessors, but it was a good end to one of filmdom's most famous trilogies. And also, I didn't think that Sofia Coppola was such a bad actress; I've certainly admired her work as a director.
This film came out about the same time as Goodfellas, and pales in comparison with the Martin Scorsese effort. I know the two shouldn't be compared, but the fact that they are both gangster films begs some sort of comparison.

Does Godfather III "complete" Coppola's Godfather series? Only in the sense that we see what happens to Michael when he is an old man. In my opinion, we didn't really need to know that. To me, the Godfather films ended with Michael Corleone as a shell of a man after losing his wife and murdering his brother.

Besides, I'm of the view that the best American films of the 20th century were made in the 1970s.





Yes, they should have paid Duvall his quote, and Coppolla should never have cast daughter Sofia in such a pivotal role. Despite these potentially disastrous setbacks, Part III is a far better film than the panning received from critics, particularly when it had to follow the two greatest films ever. Pacino is sensational, ably supported by Keaton, Shire and Mantegna. But it's Garcia's movie, as he channels a combination of the original three Corleone brothers in an Oscar nominated performance. Better than people think 8/10.
Sophia Coppola delivers the most wooden, expressionless performance I have ever seen. She is absolutely devoid of talent. I am sure that the fact that her father is the director had nothing to do with it.
Years have passed and Michael Corleone is now an old man. HE has become THE GODFATHER, everything that happens in US passes by his hands, he puts and quits presidents, governors... But he lacks the most important for him: his family. In a latest attempt to recover them, he tries to abandon and crime and become a gentlemen, but the past will not let him do it. The best of the three? It is stupid to say it, all are just perfect. Al Pacino is as superb as the other two, and the inclusion of an extremely inspired Andy Garcia (bad luck he wasn't ever able to repeat such a good part) and the rest of the cast are just wonderful. The development of the drama, almost following a Shakespeare's drama, the strength of the scenes, it is a movie that deserves to be in the Olimp of the cinema. It is just a masterpiece. Unfrotunately, the Oscars were not in its favour (0/7 no way!)



After watching this film the first time all I could think of was that Francis Ford Coppola waited too long to make it. It's not a bad film but it seems detached from the original and Part II. The actors seemed to be out of touch with their characters but clearly did the best they could considering the time frame between Part II and III. I came away with the feeling that had he made this motion picture four or five years after Part II it would have been a better film. Of course the story may have been different but who knows. However it's still a Godfather film by Francis Ford Coppola and still worth watching.
Having just watched The Godfather and Godfather II again after watching and enjoying it so many times, I decided to watch this 3rd and last installment again to see if it was really as bad as I remembered. It is. The actors are so stiff, so ridiculous, and the script is so idiotic it's almost like a parody of the first two movies. If you are a fan of the original Godfather and Godfather II do yourself a favor and don't spoil your memory of those two great movies by watching this trash.

On its own, this film would be merely mediocre. But in contrast to Godfather I and II, and as a film marketed as part of a trilogy, it is a travesty. From the vanity casting of Sophia Coppola, to the stupefyingly boring subplot of the Vatican banking scandal, to the all-sunshiney cinematography, to the sophomoric references to King Lear, it is on a much lower plane than Coppola's earlier films. The boxed set is like getting Citizen Kane, Chinatown and Porky's III as a trilogy. Not to mention the fact that the beginning of Godfather III is inconsistent with the ending of Godfather II. The recent news story that a Godfather IV is in the offing is, after the invasion of Kosovo, the worst news I've heard this year.




This is my favorite part of the trilogy. In the previous movies Pacino lost the race for an Academy Award, but it is really disgraceful that this time he wasn't even nominated.

8/10
The bar was set very very high because of the first two parts, and this let me to be pretty disappointed by this third installment in the Godfather series. It had more potential than it used, which was a shame. There were definitely scenes that were powerful, but could've been even better if used better. It was still an alright film in general, but it does not compare with the other two parts. All in all the Godfather series is one of the best, and will stay one of the best.


The Godfather: Part III should not exist. Look at the long list of laughable, in some cases embarrassing scenes. Take the gnocchi scene. Or the diabetes fit. Or any of the histrionic scenes involving Andy Garcia or Joe Mantegna. Just awful. I waited a long time before rating this film because I wanted to give it a second chance. So I rewatched parts I and II, and then dived into part III. Ugh. No, just no.

Having previously watched The Godfather, Part I and II, I had to eventually watch this, Part III. It was great to see Al Pacino, Diane Keaton, Talia Shire, and even Al Martino again, here once again playing singer Johnny Fontane. Too bad Robert Duvall declined to reprise his role as Tom Hagen but I thought George Hamilton was as good a replacement as possible. And Andy Garcia was also aces as the son of James Caan's role from the first one and deserved his eventual Oscar nom for the role. As for Sofia Coppola, well, at least her role didn't have too many scenes which meant whatever her deficiencies as an actress, her father didn't make her look too bad. I still was shocked by her final scene. And if I didn't know when the very last one is supposed to take place, I might have been puzzled by it. In summary, The Godfather Part III was as good a final take on the series as it possibly could be.
I watched this as a kind and remember thinking it was so bad. Recently a rewatched parts 1 and 2 and was as impressed as before. I decided to give part 3 a chance again. My memories or how bad it was paled time how bad it actually is.

The writing, the storyline, the acting, all horrid. I forgot how bad the daughter character was. It was like she was reading all of her lines. She was one of the worst actors I've ever seen.

This movie could easily have been a parody of parts 1 and 2. If someone told be that Coppola made it to thumb his nose at his previous success and that it was intentionally horrible, I would completely believe that.


"The Corleone Family is getting old and getting less terrifying than the first two, replacing with their own son and godfather son, turn down to be an awkward cousins love relationship, but at least they still know what's wrong what's right in the end, The Godfather Part III is still have that moment, the movie still have that power, and ended with a very well done ending, The Godfather Part III is not a bad movie but still the last in the trilogy best list"
I've read most of the favorable reviews citing mainly that this film was 'underrated'. Well. I don't know what to say other than that is an insult to the thousands of TRULY underrated films...

Weak story lines, ridiculous clichés, bad makeup, Eli Wallach.......... I mean,really, I have nothing against Mr Wallach, but the scene when he leaves the circle jerk meeting while pleading with Michael at the door is just ridiculous,laughable, crappy.

That alone is enough to slam the film, yet there are hundreds of overacted and then UNDERACTED scenes too numerous to mention.

Painful, Incongruous, and worst yet..........dull
While not without its great set-pieces, and providing a satisfying emotional conclusion to the Corleone saga, this film is a pale reflection of its predecessors.

The continuity is bad -- we jump from scene to scene and get the feeling that connecting scenes have been junked -- and some of the acting is quite woeful. And what is Bridget Fonda's character all about?

It's the work of a master, but far from his masterwork.

***

Starring: Al Pacino, Andy Garcia, Talia Shire, and Diane Keaton.

Everyone's favorite Mafia don is back, this time trying to get out of the "family business" (I got to stop using that term). But many obstacles interrupt him from leaving the bloody job. The ending in the Opera is magnificent. Garcia, in my opinion, should've gotten the Oscar because his performance is flawless. Great end to a great trilogy.

In some ways it was wonderful seeing some of the original cast members (Pacino, Keaton, Shire) reprising their memorable roles. But in a lot of ways this third installment was just not necessary. If it was all about revealing Michael's wounded mind, and ensuring that he was 'punished for his sins', that was done (quite well, and in a much less graphic way) in Part II: You could tell he was undone in the very last scene. Part III was just overkill.

There were a few casting problems, as well. Sofia Coppola was just terrible, absolutely painful to watch. George Hamilton made the film look like a made-for-TV movie every time he appeared: What was he doing there?? I sure did miss Robert Duvall! The saving graces were Talia Shire as Connie getting her chance to dominate. Andy Garcia, though he didn't have the opportunity to really take off, was a lot of fun to watch.

I guess, if your pop is Francis Ford Coppola, you don't need talent to get a major supporting role in the sequel to the two greatest movies ever made. Sophia Coppola is maybe the wost actress I've ever seen. Yes, WORST EVER. Other than that, I thought the movie was worthy... even if not quite measuring up to I & II. I'm mainly reviewing the original Godfather IIII, as I thought his re-cut, Coda, was a misguided mistake. Changing the end was a terrible idea. It was the most moving scene of the movie in the original. I'm maybe the least outwardly emotional bear on the planet, who never gets choked up over movies, and that scene from the original GF Part III choked me up and made my eyes water. So, the newer "Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone" re-cut version only gets one star because they chopped the most significant scene of the movie. The original cut gets 10 stars, but is docked 1 star because of how terrible the director's daughter was in it.


An extremely disappointing film, which didn't make any sense. It lacked direction, moral, everything. I can't imagine what Coppola was thinking.
When the movie stands on its own, it's not so bad, but you have to compare it to Godfather 1 and 2, and that's when the movie becomes pretty poor. This 3rd movie in the series is far 'slower' than the previous two, and much more concentrates on politics and inter-family squabbling which makes for a very slow and almost boring movie (when compared to the previous ones). The performances all round are good but the best actors in the world wouldn't have been able to liven-up this snore-fest of a movie. I'd honestly just recommend watching number 1 and 2, and then calling it a day. If you're really aching for more 'mafia movies' then watch something like Goodfellas or Casino which are both fantastic films.
Most of what you can say about the previous instalments in the trilogy, apply here. It's generally well acted - with one exception - and looks nice. This time there's the theme of striving for redemption, as Michael Corleone looks to atone with others, and - most importantly - with himself, for the crimes he has committed in the past. All well and grand then - we're having a more character-focused movie here. There's one extremely low bit to this movie. Other reviewers have mentioned it too - the dreaded performance of Sofia Coppola, as Michael's daughter. And yes, it is that bad. Her scenes, especially put against her peers, are liking having a drill boring into your brain - they're flat, with poor delivery, and no emotional resonance. However I can overlook it and focus on the movie, which should otherwise please fans of the series (which I am not particularly). The story does have a fairly fitting sense of resolution, and believable with what has gone before. It's a fine enough piece of film making but again fails to fully engage me. So therefore a 6/10.

It is not that the third film in the trilogy is not a good one, it is simply not a classic like the first two, but it is an excellent film and closes the saga showing a bloated and guilty Michael Corleone. If in the first two films we learn to glimpse the lives of great men in this third one, we have the feeling that they might not even have been that big.

Film seen on the 9th to the 10th of December 2020.
This film came out about the same time as Goodfellas, and pales in comparison with the Martin Scorsese effort. I know the two shouldn't be compared, but the fact that they are both gangster films begs some sort of comparison.

Does Godfather III "complete" Coppola's Godfather series? Only in the sense that we see what happens to Michael when he is an old man. In my opinion, we didn't really need to know that. To me, the Godfather films ended with Michael Corleone as a shell of a man after losing his wife and murdering his brother.

Besides, I'm of the view that the best American films of the 20th century were made in the 1970s.
Francis Ford Coppola was obviously blinded by paternal instinct when he decided to cast his daughter (Sophia Coppola) in the role of Mary Corleone. While the acting in G3 was passionate for the most part (especially by Pacino and Andy Garcia), Coppola comes across as a dead fish in comparison. I found myself fully distracted every time her face "graced" the screen. Sadly, Coppola was not the only problem with this movie. The utterly contrived plot, as well as the notable absence of Robert Duvall, sink what should be an unsinkable movie franchise. Truly, not a fitting ending to the Godfather trilogy.

Francis Ford Coppola turned Godfather 1&2 into two of the best movies ever to bad he dident put as much effort into 3. I did not believe for one single second that after all those years of being a ruthless killer Mike has turned into a kitty cat, I did not believe for one second that after being abused by Mike that his wife would forgive him so fast. The worst part was the acting of Francis Ford Coppola's daughter , I guess her father never relized she coudent act till the movie bombed at the box office. Now we know why Robert De Niro and Robert Robert Duvall refused to be in 3. 5 out of 10

Regarding the newly released edit, The Godfather Coda is a decent improvement over the original version. Making it run much smoother and certain scenes are much more impactful.



The first two Godfather movies were blockbusters, among the best of all movies ever made. Therefore a third Godfather would have a very high standard to follow. And true enough it was the worst of the three. The movie plot moved away from its original genre of a gangster movie with enough elements of family drama, vengeance, love, business and politics intertwined to a painful attempt by Michael Corleone to legitimize his empire. I dislike the plot. The movie moves too slow and becomes somewhat boring in the middle. Watchable? Yes, it is still better than lots of other 1990 movies but way below the standard set by the first two Godfathers.

The first time I saw this movie, I fell asleep in the cinema and woke up with a half hour to go not having a clue what was happening. I later saw the movie on video and when it came to the original part where I woke up,I still did not have much of an idea as to the proceedings despite being totally awake.This movie is nearly a Turkey and is only saved from being so by high production values and a mostly good cast. Not on a par with the first two Godfather movies. Made solely for the money and it shows. When will Francis Coppolla make another good movie? We can only wait and hope that he gets motivated. There is no doubt he is capable
I is the third and the last instalment of highly appreciated and highly successful Godfather series. This movie shouldn't be compared with the first two but still holds it's beauty and somewhat is underrated. Al Pacino has as usual done a wonderful job, Andy Garcia was surprisingly good. Talia Shire and Diana Keaton doesn't have much scope to perform but still played their part with beauty. Screenplay is good, location is something compromised and is not as spectacular as in the previous two. Support cast is good and could've been better. A good and underrated movie.
I liked it. Yes, it's a slightly different tone to the first two, but then it is set 25 years into the future, so if it had exactly the same feel as the first two it would have seemed false. However, it still has the deception, music, style and dialogue of the first two. Those things make it pretty special in my opinion.

Yes, Sofia Coppola seems out of place even moreso in scenes with Garcia who is so good in this it makes Coppola look even more amateurish. It makes me wonder how good it could have been with a better actress playing Mary.

The final hour or so of the film from where Michael speaks to the soon to be Pope is just superb though and matches anything that has gone before. As I said, the ending fits the whole theme of the Godfather movies perfectly. They're all about power, deception, loss, regret and family and in that sense I was ultimately content at the outcome.
I have seen all three Godfather films numerous times. A few days ago, I watched all of them in succession, and found that my opinions have changed very little over the years. The major flaws of GF3 are that it is at least 45 minutes too long; Sofia Coppola's poor performance, and a screenplay that isn't in the same class to the two predecessors. At times the film was close to boring, especially the amount of time when Michael shows Kay Sicily. The climatic sequence at the Opera is also drags to the point where I was muttering to myself, "Get it over with!". In the earlier version, at the end, an old Michael is sitting in the sun and putting on sunglasses when he topples out of the chair and falls to the ground presumably dead. In the newer version, it ends with Michael putting on his glasses. Why the change? It makes no sense to me.

My Rating : 9/10

I'm sure to watch this again and again - it's become a favourite. A lot of people don't like it however I simply love it.

Give it a chance and perhaps you might convert. A worthy ending to what is one of the greatest movie trilogies ever made.
This film had a lot to live up to and it is very good in some parts but ultimately the story doesn't meet expectations. If the film was made in the early 1980's it would of been better because being made in 1990 it had a modern feel to it with the music and the corny dialogue. ( my lucky coat, it's my lucky coat) also the final act in Sicily wasn't great and the worst part was Michael Corleone having a change of heart. It's not the character we know. Part IV should happen.
I admitt, for me remains the best part of serie. For the realistic portrait of near reality. For decent job of Sofia Coppola and for Raf Vallone as Pope John Paul I. And, no doubts, for Al Pacino admirable work. An impressive part, more profound and more dedicated to explore, in not comfortable - only precise way- the life of Romano - Catholic Church.
We reach the end of the Michael Corleone tragedy. His attempts to become "legitimate", his attempts to bring his family back together, and his attempts to bring peace to himself for past sins.

The story is as complex and detailed as ever, with the same quality. The only problem is that the secondary characters in this one (Michael's daughter Mary, Vincent, son of Sonny Corleone, and ascending mob soldier and Connie Corleone) aren't as interesting nor entertaining as the ones in the previous movies.

The emotional ending is there, but the way is done makes it a bit boring in my opinion. If you love those 30 minutes, then you would fairly love this movie. I liked it a lot, but I didn't love it.
It. has become vogue to defend Godather part 3 as not that bad. If anyone tells you that, never ever listen to their opinions about movies again. The writing is corny, the acting is stiff, the music is melodramatic and the action is amateurish.
I watched The Godfather Part 2 again after not having seen it for a number of years. I fell in love with it for the first time, especially the acting and the cinematography. I felt compelled to see 3 right after that, mainly because I was feeling the glow of the excellence of 2. I was hoping that that 3 was actually better than I had remembered from past viewing, and I was wrong. I've read lots of reviews about the plot and Sophia Coppola's wooden acting and still my major complaint from the get-go is the god-awful acting. Every one in the movie appears false! I just couldn't get beyond how forced each line appeared. Maybe the story was effective yet I couldn't get through enough of the film to understand the plot because of how painful it was to watch each actor deliver his/her lines. It's so excruciatingly obvious that Francis Ford Coppola was not inspired nor were his actors. All in all, the message this film conveys to me is that it was made under duress. It has no artistic connection whatsoever to the previous masterpieces of the same name.
Okay, so I only watched the first 45 minutes or so and I could not focus. Something was off and it felt like the movie just couldn't seem to pick up or get interesting ever. So I didn't finish it and was very disappointed. Then I read the synopsis where it tells the rest of the movie and I was so pissed off at myself for not finishing it. The best part about this movie is the ending because it is exactly how the series should end yet is is mildly upsetting and not what I wanted. I think this movie is kind of meh and I cant wait to watch the re-edit.
Good drama that is vastly inferior in comparison to the first two GODFATHER films due to weaker story and below average screenplay.The directing is also average which is weird because we expect much more from such a top notch director.Coppolla seems to have lost a lot of his directorial instincts since APOCALYPSE NOW for some reason.Good performances from the actors here and I still recomend this movie for all GODFATHER fans,drama/action fans and big fans of the lead actors........

Well, this movie was good. I think it was a good ending to a great saga, with one of the saddest endings I've seen. Al Pacino was brilliant as always, Andy Garcia did a fine job,(and looked great, I might add), Diane Keaton was great too and everyone else was well cast. EXCEPT Sofia Coppolla. I don't even know how to describe how terrible her performance was. It was a major let down of the movie. Besides that, it was really well directed and didn't bore for a minute.
This movie was a huge disappointment compared to the first two which were all-time great movies. The story made no sense to me. Why would Michael abandon the estate on Lake Tahoe and let it deteriorate like that? That is not what a rich man does with a property he no longer uses. And why on earth did Coppola use Sofia to play MIchael's daughter? I have never seen a performance that horrible by anybody not named Hayden Christenson. I was embarrassed every time she was on screen. I felt so bad that Coppola put her in that position when she clearly didn't have the training and experience. She talks like a stoned valley girl which is really annoying in that role.
The Godfather CODA: The Death of Michael Corleone a.k.a The Coppola's Cut is much better than the original The Godfather Part III.

The storyline is better, not confusing. Also shows how much still in control Michael Corleone is, instead of hopelessly giving up all of his power to Vincent.

The ending is better, too! I feel much relieved with this ending than in the Part III.

Go watch it again!

Do not mind the negative comments, in my opinion this film is a masterpiece, of course it is not better than the first one but I liked this one more than the second one. This film has the best performance of Al Pachino in the trilogy and so it is which is more dramatic and unique. In conclusion I advise everyone to see this film if they really like films about Italian mafia.

The third installment is not as good as the other two. I've always had mixed feelings about Part 3. On the one hand we have Michael wanting out only to be pulled back in. On the other hand, we have the new don-Vincent(Andy Garcia)who wants to strike back on thier enemies-some things never change.

I don't understand this Vatican bank stuff, so I won't go into that. There is also some miscasting here. The girl who played Mary is Sofia Coppola-the Daughter of Director of this film. I don't know how she got into this film, but she just doesn't have any life here at all.

There's more violence here-of course. Violence begets violence. This is a good movie, but not great-it could have been better.

I finally saw this the other day, and I did find it much easier to follow than the first two, but one problem with this movie was Coppola's choice to put his daughter(Sofia Coppola) in the film, she's not bad looking, but she had hardly any prior acting experience, and her bad acting took away from the films quality. Everything else about the movie is great. ***1/2 out of *****
I've read most of the reviews for 'The Godfather Part III' and for those of you who hated this movie, I have something to make you think about.

Pretend that this movie was released with a totally different name, like 'Mobsters Inc.' Could you honestly say that it was the worst movie you've ever seen and just plain dull?

The reason it was such a disappointing show was because it contained the word 'Godfather' in the title, so we all assumed that this would be another Oscar-winning movie like it's predecessors.

'Part III' is not a bad show in any sense of the word. It's a great story. It has great acting. It's just not a 'Godfather'.

If you go into this movie thinking that way, I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
While the first two films were allegories of the development of modern organized crime in New York, Las Vegas and Sicily, "Godfather III" moves into the realm of spy thrillers while at the same time being a sort of reunion, comeback effort for the old Godfather band. The once cool and assured Michael Corleone, now humanized by age and the torment of his guilty memories, contrasts with over-the-top violence that would have fitted into a "Die Hard" movie. Perhaps Pacino should have played two roles, like Peter Sellers--one as Michael, the other reprising Tony Montana from "Scarface." Still, if anyone makes this film work it is the always-fine Pacino, as well as the overlooked Joe Mantegna. Diane Keaton, who so effectively gave us an "average American" perspective of the Mafia in the first two films, has little to do in this film except accompany us on a tour of Sicily--which we already had in the second film. A striking, effective surprise ending didn't quite pick me up because I had pretty much lost interest a half hour earlier.
It's neen 27 years and I haven't forgotten. This was a stinker, and one of only two films I've walked out on - the other being The Big Easy. I guess there's a third I SHOULD have walked out on: Star Wars I, whatever it was called.

This movie has the name "Godfather" in it, but that was the last similarity between this and the masterpieces I and II. No gripping story - barely a story at all. And Miss Coppola, wow. It was like Anjelica Huston's first efforts: hollow, wooden, monotonous.

A stinker.

So bad it's good? No, worse than that.

No it is not as good as the previous 2, but it is an underrated movie. If the complete movie qas as good as the final this would probably be the best in the trilogy. Movie has a big flaw and that is copola's daughter. She is not a good enough actress for this movie.

This movie has a re-edit version, or a director's cut: the godfathee coda: the death of michael corleone. It has some new scenes and a new opening, which also was shown as an extra on the bluray version. This cut has som some minor edit flaws though and the final end does not show the ending of michael corleone. So the title is a bit off.

in my mind the final installment in the Godfather series is as good as the previous two,yet most people don't seem to think so.i think the story is great.this is a more subtle movie,and more cerebral than the other two.it's very well written,in my opinion.AL Pacino Is back as Michael Corleone,and is great once again,but Andy Garcia is outstanding as Vincent,as is Sofia Coppola as Mary Corleone.it was made sixteen years after part two,so it probably wasn't originally intended as part of the series,(which is probably why many purists don't like it)but i'm glad it was made .i think it's a fitting end to the saga.for the purists that won't watch on principle,it's their loss.for me,The Godfather: Part III is a 10/10
The first Godfather was absolutely world class. The second Godfather wasn't as good but still very entertaining but like after every successful film, the director gets the idea of a sequel and it all goes horribly wrong. This is a classic example of this. First of all, the movie is slow and boring, the plot is just pointless and don't get me started on the violence. There was barely any of it, hardly like the original masterpiece that dominated the box office and still is the best-selling UK movie! This movie is rubbish and I regret seeing it, I knew the reviews were bad but they said that about the Godfather 2 and it was amazing so I saw it and it was terrible. I really thought the director would have known it. Thank God the director took in the criticism and did not make a sequel which he was planning to do. So that's it, before you watch it DON'T WATCH IT
While, I enjoyed Part 3, it suffers from the pressure from the first two films and a horrible performance by Sofia Coppola.

Never saw the original cut, but Coppola's restoration fits perfectly. I had the pleasure of viewing all three in the theater, and the ending of the trilogy hit me like a ton of bricks. Again, I never saw the original version of part 3, but I have almost zero problems with this film. Other than maybe the fact that you can simply tell by the clothing and production design that the third installment was made 15 years later. SEE IT. EMBRACRE IT. LOVE IT.


I just completed the Godfather trilogy. Now I'm not saying that the 3rd installment was bad. By no means, I thought it was a good attempt. But the conclusion to the trilogy bothered me. But this was my least favorite of the 3. Because my favorite character was Vito Corleone. And even though Michael does have a lot of interest in his character, I just can't get too into it. I do like how they reunited Kay and Michael. And the story was more about family than anything. But the love story between Vincent and Mary was too disturbing. Actually sick. I would suggest watching the 3rd "Godfather" just to see the conclusion. But afterwards I did feel empty inside. Like this was not good enough for me. But I feel though as if they made a decent attempt.

7/10
Don't get me wrong the first 2 movies were piles of pooh pooh. This is a much fresher pile of pooh pooh then the first 2. That not good because fresh pooh pooh is worst then manure. All the Godfather movies stinky. This one is the worst. Later they are the worst they are. The first one is the beast one and that does not stink has mush. All these movie are the same no good guys just bad guy killing each other. That is just pointless. All these movies are pointless there was no resin to make them. They suck. I used think that the worst gangster movie ever was the Godfather II now I stand corrected. This is worst gangster movie ever. Do not wast time and money on any of the Godfather movies they all stink. And life is to short.


This is a really good movie. You have to pay attention so you know what the story line is exactly, which is difficult when it gets slightly boring in the middle. I really like how Pacino's voice is sounding heaps more like Marlon Brando did in Part I. He most likely did that on purpose, but I can't be sure, because his voice is naturally like that. Andy Garcia was the perfect choice for Sonny's illegitimate son, because he acts exactly like Sonny did - self confident, acting without thinking of the repercussions, and taking everything personally. I particularly like the scene that flashes back to when Michael decided to enlist in the marines.

I gave this 8/10, taking off 2 because Sophia Coppolla can't act. It was quite painful to watch her.
Is beyond my mind how anybody could rate this movie that low , this is a perfect conclusion , a dramatic finale , the right end for Corleone; in loneliness . Sophia was not that bad , she is very atractive and looks italian a lot , there is an aura of innocense around her hard to beat. Al Pacino ...well, he is always good, imposible to forget his screams for fredo and the last scream for her daughter , one of his best performance. The music is a 10 The change of Corleone sister a plus Andy a great Sony 's son Robert Duvall really piss me off , that was the loss of perfection for The Godfather 3 ...but what can we do ?

This THIRD installment of The Godfather is quite a TRAVESTY! Starting with the casting. "Father Quido Sarduci" from SNL?? George Hamilton?? JEEZ! What kinda "Cracky" crack casting sessions went on here?! Diane Keaton shows up in all her "Annie Hall" glory and looks RIDICULOUS! And the "Coincidence" of having the DIRECTORS daughter playing a key part, well, that's the TOPPER! Scenes from the much GREATER Godfather's 1 & 2 are more or less, ripped off. If it's possible to "rip off" from YOURSELF! Nearly 20 years went by from the original in the 70's until this JOKE of a film was made. This "version" of the series PALES in comparison, don't waste your time.



I think The Godfather part III was a good movie, but i think the Orignal was the best one out of the other godfather movies. The 1st defiently i think would take some beating as it is such a fantastic movie. I think it would be very hard to make such a good movie that has all the actors and actresses that can peform the characters well and for the writers who try and come up with fantastic ideas to make a movie like this and others. I give this movie 10 out 10. I'm not right sure if i think that there should be a 4th godfather movie because i think the orignals are always the best, but some movies can do better but if the writers of the godfather movies decide to make a part 4 of the godfather, then i think they should work hard on this to come up with another fantastic lots of ideas.
My biggest issue is that I wished it had continued Michael's descent into pure villainy instead of jumping to him trying to do well and atone for his sins. It's still an interesting take on the character, it just feels like it skipped some more ineteresting parts of his arc. Also, Sofia Coppola can't act.

Beyond that though, the film has amazing performances (Sofia Coppola may not be one of them, but Andy Garcia cretainly is) and way too many great scenes and sequences to call it bad.

A step down from its predecessors (it can't be easy being a sequel to not just one, but TWO of the greatest films of all time), but being the weakest Godfather movie still means you're better than 99% other movies. Part II is still a much better ending to the saga, but this aint as bad as some people say.

Unfortunately this film could not follow the line of the previous 2 which I consider the 2 best films ever made. The bar was too high. But this is a great film, and if you liked the previous ones you need to see this one because it provides a closure of an almost perfect trilogy.
The Godfather Part III is so bad you'd think James Cameron directed it.


Atrocious movie, not film, movie. Not good enough to be considered a film. Horrible script, terrible staging, terrible casting (Coppola's daughter is awful). Perhaps watchable if you've never seen the first 2 but if you have this movie is unwatchable, I couldn't even get halfway through. Between Pacino's 4 packs a day gravel voice and Garcia's tough guy cringe worthy overacting, I couldn't stop the DVD player fast enough to end my misery. Anyone want it?? I'll mail it to you free! LOL
One of the greatest movies ever maid about the organized crime and there leader ship, the movie is a great classic that you have to watch acting directing story is just perfect, one thing to say the 3rd pat wasn't as good as the two before. Best line: "all the power on earth can't change destiny"
It's funny--photograph a film well, do a good set design and images, hire good actors, but have nothing to say, no story to tell--and a lot of people will be fooled into thinking they've seen something worthwhile. Look at every positive or even vaguely positive review for this film.

Despite what anyone says, this is a long, annoying, silly film, with nothing to say. Yes, Sofia Coppola wasn't up to playing the lead role, but Al Pacino was just as uninteresting, due to his character's poor conception.

Hell, even the boys at the Bada Bing club in "The Sopranos" know that part III is crap. Discount thoroughly the deluded movie geeks that write otherwise.
First I must say that Al Pacino´s acting is brilliant as Michael Corleone.The film focuses more on the main character of the films and that´s interesting but the film is not at all as powerful as the first two films.And it´s also true that Sofia Coppola´s acting is not good. So I was almost sure that I would give it a 3/5 but when the shocking good ending came I coulden´t give it less then a weak four.I can´t recommend the godfather DVD collection enough.4-/5


The Godfather: Part III. The end. What I want to say about the final film and the trilogy as a whole. The third film is not so boring as the second part was and not as terrific as the first film was. If the first part of The Godfather caught on to the characters with their plot, then unfortunately in the final film this is practically nonexistent. As a result, Godfather 3 is just a good movie.

Let's be honest: this movie wasn't needed. It doesn't detract from the first two movies but it wasn't something Coppola should have made. It's not a terrible movie but obviously in the shadow of the first two, it looks like a complete turd. It doesn't have any of the iconic scenes those movies did. There's really only one remotely memorable line and that's Pacino's "Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in" line. The acting is mostly fine but nothing to write home about. The worst is Sofia Coppola, in a textbook case of nepotism in casting. She's terrible and doesn't "look" like she belongs. It's like taking somebody off the street and sticking them in a Hollywood production. Even if they are attractive, they just don't fit somehow. It's a watchable enough movie but not a great one by any stretch. Like I said, it didn't need to be made. Why was it? Well The O'Jays had a song called "For the Love of Money" that pretty well covers that.
Godfather Part III is the weakest of the Godfather trilogy. It lacks the story and direction of the other two. Still, if you like the Godfather series, it becomes a must have. Rent Part I or II before or instead of this one.

7 out of 10

If you liked this movie, I would recommend "Scarface"
It's a decent wrap for the franchise, but the story line is too similar to the first two movies, without providing enough new material. Pacino is good as always, Garcia decent, but Sophia Coppola's acting is downright amateurish.

So i heard that this film isnt very weak compared to first two which both are brilliant,so i have given this one chance to impress me,but it didnt,this film by miles isnt close to two previous one and this one doesnt feel like it was made by same director and actors,but it isnt also completly bad ,film has some redeeming qualities like some performances and new characters like vincent were goodly interduced and represanted,sofia honestly wasnt good in this film and she was weakest part of film,plot with church and its entire thing didnt for me belonged in godfather film and i felt bored in that moments,if you compare godfather 3 to first two you will see that it lacks quality of them,but it is at least good for one time watch


Whilst never really reaching the heights of the first two films this nevertheless still has its moments. A lot of the critics dislike this due to Sofia Coppola and I suspect that has more to do with her parentage than it does with her acting. Personally I think her acting is fair enough, but I think the film is rather let down by the Vatican plot line.

Michael is still trying to achieve is goal by legitimising the organisation. This time it's the younger members of the family that are frustrated and their actions deny Michael's ultimate goal. Al Pacino puts in another fine performance that sees him become increasingly imprisoned in his position. Overall a good movie, but not a classic.
A presumable ending compared to the first two masterpieces but still has that old feel of great crime drama which is the main interest of the trilogy.
What is it about Godfather III? It's kind of like the cousin at a party no one will talk to. I was impressed with the look of the film--it looks like it was shot in the 70's. I liked the performances, especially Andy Garcia. I just felt like I haven't soaked it into my psyche like I have with the previous Godfathers. It just doesn't seem to fit in, though I am willing to give it another try.

While Sofia Coppola's performance was notoriously bad, and her relationship with her first cousin kind of creepy, the biggest problem The Godfather Part III had was always that it was billed as a sequel, prompting comparisons to the first two masterpieces. It was always a good film, but it was the worst chapter in the greatest book ever written. The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone fixes this, by cutting out majority of the flashbacks and retitling the film to emphasize that it's not a new chapter of the saga, but rather an epilogue. As well as this, the new beginning and more reflective ending help focus the film and makes it feel tighter, while giving Al Pacino and Andy Garcia more time to shine. All in all, Coda is a massive improvement over The Godfather III. Sofia Coppola's performance is still pretty bad though
This film is pretty good, if you don't compare this movie with the last two movies. Okay, the plot in this Godfather movie isn't great. But some of the acting is. Come on people! Give this movie a chance.

***
I think that whatever I say, I do not give this great movie its due. It is truly a legend among films, Also, there are no films so far that blow up the style and workmanship and one of the best produced in the 2000s.



This movie is by far the weakest of the 3 movies, but if you watch Godfather 1 and 2, before Godfather 3 the movie plotline for Godfather 3 will make sense. I do feel however waiting 16 years to finally finish the trilogy was bit excessive, if I had to speculate, I believe Francis Ford Coppola never intended to make a third Godfather movie, also casting his daughter Sofia as Mary, Michael Corleone's daughter was a travesty, Sofia Coppola cannot act or for that matter direct, the only reason she has gotten as far as she has is because she is Coppola's daughter. What I did really enjoy was the interaction between the character's Michael and Kate, and the evolving of Connie as a strong, capable, fierce woman who could become head of the Corleone family if she wanted to, that I enjoyed. Overall, I did enjoy watching this film.

Godfather: Part III is one of the top 3 worst movies I have ever seen. It is unpredictably awful, and gets progressively worse from scene to scene. It's like watching a really bad made-for-television movie. Pacino hams it up like no other (except for maybe Talia Shire), but even he couldn't save it. Innumerable uninteresting and undeveloped characters, George freaking Hamilton!, sprawling plot lines and shallow subplots, utterly incredible romance times two. The only suspense I experienced during the viewing of this movie was from wanting to find out how much more laughable it could get. It really felt like it was written to showcase Sofia Coppola. What was Coppola Sr. thinking? What was anyone who signed on for this movie thinking? How were their careers not ruined? And how on earth did this movie's user rating ever get up 7.5 from more than 43,000 votes?!? What are the viewers thinking? Is it the end of the world and nobody told me?
awful awful awful slow and dull and lacking everything that made the first two great. the ending just seemed a pale hark back to the powerful ending to the first one, the acting was very very transparent, including pacino and keaton. Sophia, well, her acting at least made me laugh, which was the smallest ounce of enjoyment i got out of this film. Truly disappointed with this movie.

Music was great, some of the cinematography was mildly interesting if not dull, conventional and uninspired. And the story, overall, was way too soapy. The number of times characters say "I will always love you" is ridiculous.

But the first two were great. I'd say the second was the best. It's a real pity.
This movie has some powerful scenes especially at the end but overall it was a letdown. I think the reason it was a letdown was because it was too predictable. After what happened at the end of 'Godfather II' everyone knew what was going to happen to Michael. So since the focus was mostly on Michael it was pretty predictable at times. It would have been a better movie if they would have combined the Michael scenes with Sonny's early days.

**1/2 out of **** Stars
Just mixed montage a dedicated movie to Pacino + hallmarks romance + western Spaghetti + runs by bunches of nightclub actors & ofcourse the girl ! .. A girl who don't understood his father but too ambitious to ruining his reputation ... even Vatican , not aged Sicily , nostalgic music , nor Pacino haircuts can save how much this go nowhere film sucks ... especially considering how lonely and pathetic the Pacino character looks even at his own house-parties ... there's no children to be their Godfather ! It's insanely weird how much of the movie Just depends on Pacino acting , rambling , expressing & monologues ... Even the very few alongside actors from previous movies have no place in the shots , The new hotshot characters are just too immature w nasty teenage personalities to be likable ! ... the mafia business runs by gossip girl's society which even the Pacino character himself can't join nor terminated it ...funny how new technology can Not Even beat 20 years older versions in cinematography & editing either !
I think that the third part of this series is just as good as the previous two parts, And ANDY GARCIA's character was so interesting that it would make you feel like that he's been acting in this movie since form the very first moment of the 1st part, and I think that Al Pacino's character doesn't need any comment because it was just perfect and he did very well just like the 1st and 2nd part. Any way i just wanted to say that Francis Ford Coppola's talent in directing was so clear in the first and second parts , but in this part we discover the other talent, it's writing , I think he was very successful in writing with Mario Puzzo.
The godfater III lost the essence of The Godfather I and II. Good ending, but the film isn't like the other two films. Obviusly the actors very good. Good ending for the history. The Godfather will always be in my heart
Whether you love or hate this movie mainly comes down to whether you love or hate Sophia's acting, but I've always felt she did a half decent job. Others could have done better, but there is not point in moaning about what's been done. It is a great movie. The ending is one of the most tragic, moving scenes ever filmed, perhaps Pacino's greatest moment. It moves at a slower pace than its predecessors, echoing Michael's tired descent, and the message that family life cannot be separated from The Business is never clearer.fine, it is not as good as the first two, perhaps it should have been made 5 or ten years earlier. 9 out of ten
A great but very sad ending to this amazing story of the godfather. Never getting tired of this trilogy
It's sad that this tale is finalied with such poor over acting. The worse part is that it's not one or two of them, it's majority of the main cast. See it for the story hut lower your expectations on the quality of actors. Pacino being the main and worst culprit
If you're a fan of Al Pacino's work as an actor, or fond of the first two installments of "The Godfather", this movie is worth seeing on either basis. Unfortunately for both the series and the actor this is not a GREAT movie. It suffers more by comparison to it's preceding chapters, but even as a stand alone film it would still be weak. It seems ironic that this is the movie that Mario Puzo and Francis Ford Coppola supposedly collaborated on the most closely; but being over 10+ years removed from the success of Part II ultimately has as much or more to do with why this film suffers. A great cast is assembled, a great director is at work, and a great writer collaborated on it - and yet instead of being hot the film can only best be called tepid. The one driving force that keeps it interesting is Pacino's dilemma as Michael - can he save his soul and his family at the same time? It serves as a rather poignant contrast to his role in "The Devil's Advocate" so if you've only seen one I recommend renting the other.
The first Godfather was absolutely world class. The second Godfather wasn't as good but still very entertaining but like after every successful film, the director gets the idea of a sequel and it all goes horribly wrong. This is a classic example of this. First of all, the movie is slow and boring, the plot is just pointless and don't get me started on the violence. There was barely any of it, hardly like the original masterpiece that dominated the box office and still is the best-selling UK movie! This movie is rubbish and I regret seeing it, I knew the reviews were bad but they said that about the Godfather 2 and it was amazing so I saw it and it was terrible. I really thought the director would have known it. Thank God the director took in the criticism and did not make a sequel which he was planning to do. So that's it, before you watch it DON'T WATCH IT


I feel that this film has gotten an unfair treatment. It certainly is the weakest in the Godfather trilogy, but definitely isn't as bad as everyone says it is. Sure, Sophia Coppola is AWFUL, I hated the smug smile she had on her face throughout the film, but this film had plenty of redeemable features. Most notably, Connie Corleone. I loved how this film gave her a much bigger role. She is a fascinating character and seeing her gain more agency was brilliant to watch. I also liked how Part III hearkened back enough to its previous films. Coppola described it as an epilogue and I think that that's an accurate description. It was similar enough to the originals, but had enough new material to keep it interesting.

Read my full review here: http://goo.gl/R3r4mY

Now let me start off by stating that this is nowhere near the masterpieces that the first two movies are, however the hate this movie gets is a little exaggerated. While not being a great movie, it was enjoyable and well made (as far as I could tell). That being said, I can see myself skipping it if I rewatch the other two, yet I could also see myself watching it again in conjunction with the other two.
Extremely disappointing given that it's supposed to be a "III" for the first two. Taken by itself, it's just not a good movie.

While the first two episodes are entertaining and spontaneous self-contained tragedies, this one is a ponderous epilogue for the entire story. Instead of a separate story to tell, this movie tries to fill in the previous stories with post-70s psychological motivations, like a middle-aged man looking back on his life and career when he should be focusing on his present life. It's not fun to watch.

Part III is the best episode of the Godfather trilogy in that it comes full circle and brings Michael Corleone to where his modus operandi has been leading him (Hell). Like Faust, Macbeth, and other great tragedies, it's about the price one pays for the life he has led. Al Pacino endows his character with Shakespearean awareness. The sinner is haunted but can no longer turn the tables. When he meets the Cardinal, and the Cardinal asks for his confession - what a crossroads between God and man. LOOKING FOR RICHARD III and THE DEVIL'S ADVOCATE come to mind. I thought Sophia Coppola played what her character represented - the last shred of innocence and beauty to which her father clings.
"Be that as it may, on the grounds of the cracking cast, Coppola's film is too grand an edifice to fail, the retro repose it creates through Gordon Willis's subdued but ravishing cinematography and its actions manifest enough bite and pathos to entrance audience. Pacino acts a decade older than his own age but runs away with the challenge splendidly, he mellows Michael's case-hardened façade and make him more sympathetic (taking the dreadfulness off his gaze), with his ranting-prone method is still in check, Michael's climatic devastation is one of the most heart-rending scenes ever presented on the screen, he and Keaton has incredible chemistry together, even the script isn't top-notch, sparks fly all the same."

read my full review on my blog: Cinema Omnivore, thanks.

This had nothing to do with his brilliant book. Most of the plot was taken right from Rupert Cornwell's "God's Banker", the true story of vatican banker Roberto Calvi (Frederick Keinszig in this movie), who helped sicilian mob leaders (including the sinister P-2 fraternal society) defraud the church of hundreds of millions of dollars (and was found hanging beneath Blackfriar's Bridge in London in 1982). The rest of the film was Francis Ford Copolla's hastily thrown-together distortion of Puzo's epic, one of the finest novels in history. I was so repulsed by the awful plot that I barely noticed the often cited incompetence of Sofia Copolla, Diane Keaton, and Al Pacino (as well as the incomprehensible casting of Bridget Fonda, Eli Wallach, and George Harrison). Connie, the weak, dimwitted housewife is now the Godmother??? I really feel bad that Copolla's several hundred million dollar salary and royalties was too little for him to avoid tainting his own name with such a disaster.
Most people didn't like this movie, probably due to some bad-ish acting. But a good ending, an expected and expected ending.
Saw this when it came out and it was ok. After years the film has grown on me, especially after watching the amazing HBO series Borgias and how the mob and the vatican were intertwined. Watching Part 3 now is almost a documentary on all the things they were up to. It's a decent end to a great series of films. A shame that Duvall was not given a decent salary to appear as he was the counter to Michael and I think the film would have been even better.
This is the last of the trilogy and the weakest!Pacino is superb as he was a from the start but two character casting ,that of Vincent and Mary,hold back the film.Garcia is clearly apeing De Niro in his body language but his talking with eyes sinks him.Coppola's daughter is all innocence but a matured actress was required here.The plot is nothing new and flashbacks to the other films reveal a lack of originality.Besides Pacino,Eli Wallach is very good as well as the others from movie no.2 but the urgency,the violent romance of it all is completely missing.The best film is the always the original,sequels just cash on its success.Godfather1 was as we call it the 'real thing' the others were copies.
I only have one comment. Sofia Copalla is the worst actor ever. The movie is ruined by her performance. The story line is sadly more like a TV soap opera. This could have been a great sequel but it is just a formula film bound to make lots of money. This clearly ends the Godfather legend. For viewers accustom to good character development you will be very sad for paying good money to see this film. Goodfellers is much better. Francis Ford Copalla can do much better. I suggest that a alternative plot paced around the character of Tom Hagan or his son would have been interesting. Another possibility would have been in the area of the other five families. Or perhaps it would have been interesting to go even further backward to the start of the Mafia. But most of all the romance in the movie serves no purpose.
This film has absolutely no right to be considered "underrated" "misunderstood" or "a masterpiece".

The plot is fine in most respects, but everything from the direction, scripting and especially the casting could not be worse. Too many compromises to list pose more questions than answers from the conclusion of this "trilogy".

Considering the extremely high level of excellence set by the Godfather and Part II, this movie just does measure up, despite the many retro refrences meant to legitimize it.

Out of respect to the true masterpieces that precede, it would be best to not watch this film or even consider it as part of the legacy.

It has, obviously, great actors, decent direction and good music.

But to me, all that got lost as the movie at no point managed to engage me in the characters, to the point where I would care if they got murdered or became rich and happy. They were simply all so dull and boring. To me they're like the kind of people you get seated next to at a family celebration dinner, and you immediately start working on excuses to get away from them and find some interesting people to hang put with.

If a movie is about bad guys, make them interesting in some way. Humourous or dark and menacing or colourfull. It doesn't work to give them all uninteresting personalities.

I liked two scenes in the movie, so I gave it two stars for those.
It's an excellent film which neatly ties up the series.

It shows Michael's development and his redemption.

Sofia Coppola is not great but she brings a sense of family to the film.

It's problem is it is eclipsed by the other two films and if judged independently is a cracking good film.




It shouldn't surprise anyone to learn that the long-awaited end (hopefully) to The Godfather saga doesn't measure up to its predecessors. Francis Coppola accomplished everything he set out to do and, under the circumstances, produced as good a Part III as anyone possibly could, but the fact remains that the movie didn't need to be made in the first place, except of course to help revitalize the sagging career of its director. The new film does nothing to enrich the earlier episodes; too much of it is simply a carbon copy of what worked (because it was fresh) the first (and second) time around. That terrible sense of Mafia ritual is still vivid, but Coppola takes the operatic elements of the story much too literally (especially during the protracted climax), and the metamorphosis of Michael Corleone into a kinder, gentler padrone was a major miscalculation. The film at least provides one memorable performance (a fiery Andy Garcia, playing Sonny Corleone's ambitious bastard son), but the script reads as if it were written under duress, with plenty of incidental plotting but not anywhere near enough momentum.

"Just when I thought I was out,they pull me back in!"

My thoughts when I saw that third one is coming after 16 years. Wow, amazing end of the incredible trilogy. Michael Corleone died just the right way (same as Vito).

The Godfather Part III must be the worst film ever nominated for best picture. The film doesn't have the characters, brilliant performances, great direction, and atmosphere that the first two films had. Part III is simply boring, and above all, unnecessary. It seems this film was just an attempt to capitalize on the success of the first two Godfathers. The acting is average at best, with Pacino putting in a decent performance and Sophie Coppola an atrociously terrible one. The plot is overcomplicated and at times illogical. For me, there weren't really any redeeming qualities. I prefer to think of the Godfather as two films instead of three.

All in all, I give this film a 2/10. My least favorite Mafia film ever made.
This says it all...

"MY LUCKY COAT. I gotta get MY LUCKY COAT "


Whichever way you cut it, this film will always be dragged down by Sophia Coppola's weak performance, and the recut ending is just weak, with it's end title trying to justify the whole premise for a new version, and her overbearing presence.
But it IS what I wanted. What I wanted was a good GODFATHER movie and as usual, the genius, Francis Ford Coppola delivered the goods. The breakthru of his daughter was a great performance. I was amazed at how good Andy Garcia was. That man is a true actor and a credit to his profession. I was surprised at his amazing performance and how cruel he was as Nick. This was not as good as the first two but much more different. This is the movie that brought an end to the saga. This movie will forever be in my heart. I am a TRUE FAN of these three movies and will watch them all again and again. I loved that part in this movie when Garcia is riding a horse.
Admittedly, I'm comparing tonight's viewing of the re-edited Coda with a 30 year old memory of the original III, but wow. I so strongly disliked the original, and very much admire this new edit. My aesthetics have matured in 30 years, so I can't say if it's me or the new edit, but whatever, I found this film thrilling. Sophia seemed somehow more acceptable as an ingenue, the ending less over-the-top operatic., the story more cohesive. Mostly, it feels less like Coppola replaying his greatest hits and more like a brilliant re-imaging of scenes he did brilliantly before - the wedding, the end montage. Subtract a star because the film still wasn't necessary, and another for a few awkward moments and some bad voice dubs, but overall, a very satisfying and close to brilliant film.
As other reviewers have discussed, this movie opened to a fairly unenthusiastic response upon release in 1990. Perhaps this is due to the fact that it takes more time to grow on you than the first two films; I actually didn't react very strongly to this one the first time, it was only on a second viewing that I saw it as the great film it was.

Sophia Coppola's performance as Micheal Corleone's daughter IS slightly underwhelming, but in the end she gets the job done, and her screen time isn't enough to make that big an impact on the overall quality of the film. Aside from a few weakly delivered lines by Miss Coppola and a plot that can be a bit tough to grasp on the first viewing, this movie is excellent. Vincent is a fantastic addition to the series and Al Pacino is compelling as usual as Micheal Corleone. The film's plot is perhaps the most emotionally captivating of the series--especially the devastating ending. Give this movie a chance--it's a worthy conclusion to the series.
Godfather 3; a extremely underrated and unfairly treated motion picture. Stop comparing the third of a trilogy to the first two. When do thirds let alone seconds live up to the prestigious standards that the first set out? Never. So just appreciate the beauty that the last 3 hours of a 9 hour all-time great trilogy has to offer. It is obviously not as profound as the first two but it does more then get the job done close to 20 years later. Let's get this movie up to a 8.0 people!

A fitting end to a magical trilogy. So sad to see the Goidfather films come to an end but if they have to then this is the way to go. I know a lot of people were disappointed by the third Godfather but I genuinely can't understand why. It gives tasteful, appropriate hints of what has gone before in a nostalgic, almost wistful way. I think the acting is amazing but6 what really stands out for me in this film is the cinematography: the way ion which the colours used throughout the film are consistently of an autumnal hue, lulling us often without knowing it into the feeling of the end drawing near. It continues the intricate political and criminal plot with great delicacy and gusto. Francis Ford Coppola can be proud of this contribution to fine films.
The Godfather: Part III had everything to close the trilogy with a golden key, but it's a much smaller film than the previous one, The Godfather could have had. The Godfather I and II are great films, this is undeniable, even though I'm not very fan, Was the best trilogy in the history of cinema if it was not just OK The Godfather: Part III, the pace is slow, the performances taking off from Al Pacino, are very medium, the participation of Sofia Coppola (who is a very good director) Is very weak, the dialogues are good, and the soundtrack too, great photography, and a competent script, but probably Coppola was not inspired when he made The Godfather: Part III, which is not just a totally forgettable film because of the previous ones. Note 6.5
Then the final entry. Contrary to many, I think this one was a perfect conclusion to the trilogy, and even better than the first two. It's the end of the man who committed to the path where he could not turn back, even if he struggled so hard to get out. I still think that the romance and some of the acting from side characters near the end were sloppy, but they didn't take away how intense and tragic the story was. The plot could be confusing at times, but wasn't impossible to follow. Al Pacino was still incredible in his role. Andy Garcia was a great addition and captured the similarity between his character and his character's father. Overall, it's the shortest in the trilogy, but the best one for me. 9.5/10.


The Coda director's cut is definitely better than I remember the theatrical release being. A few more minutes could have been cut, but it's a solid, exciting film with good tension. The acting excellent, apart from the miscast Sofia Coppola. She's an excellent director, but way out of her league amongst the power hitters around her. The big set pieces are solid, and the intimate moments, such as the confessional scene are beautiful. Well worth a rewatch.
Just classic. No further explanation needed. Must see.



People who have no issues abouy this movie they started comparison Between godfater 1,2 and 3 But the novel speaks what to take as the sequels need to speak actually




Endless. Joyless. Plotless. Sexless. Aimless. Heartless.
Don Michael Corleone (Pacino) seems to have mellowed down in his later years, and he wishes to keep it that way. But just when things start going the way Michael wants, he's pulled back into the life of a mobster. The brilliantly eerie similarities between an old Michael and Brando's elderly Don Vito is what makes this film a must-see. Many fans were disappointed at its tameness and the incestuous subplot. The film does an excellent job of earning its keep by not mimicking the previous two films and moving the story forward as opposed to a full circle. The bias casting of Sophia Coppola is the film's only downfall.

***½ (out of four)

The Godfather is my favorite movie. However, in the same spirit as the film, Star Wars episode 1, where some kid edited out Jar Jar Binks making the movie so much better...The entire Godfather trilogy would be greatly enhanced by 86ing that horrid actress who plays Michael's wife Kay. Other than, not knowing how to act, talk, position herself, and wipe the ever present inappropriate grin off of her face, Diane Keaton is a national treasure.
The Godfather Part III gets a bad rap it's actually a pretty good movie but people just focus on Sofia Coppola's terrible performance as Mary Corleone. While you still have great performances by Al Pacino, Andy Garcia, Talia Shire, Eli Wallash and what not. Even with her bad performance if you actually pay attention to the movie it's a way better movie then your average gangster flick put out there. Andy Garcia puts on a great performance as the newest Don of the family. Vincent Mancini was a bastard child of Michael Corleone's older brother Sonny, so he didn't grow up with the Corleone name. But when he's ready to take over the head of the family when Michael's health starts to fail him he takes the last name Vincent Corleone.
Not a perfect movie like the first two, but a worthy and appropriate conclusion to the saga. Sophia Coppola's performance is not the disaster that many people have proclaimed it to be, but it diminishes the impact of the character she plays. Part III serves to underscore and complete the great theme of the trilogy: Michael's fatal flaw in not being able to escape the criminal world into which he was born. The women are stronger presences in Part III, compared to the other two, and a more accomplished actress in the role of Mary would have made those presences have even more of an impact. Andy Garcia does a great job, combining the strength of Vito and Michael with the rage of Sonny.
This is the greatest ending chapter of a trilogy that i have ever seen. I really enjoy this trilogy. We find our Don Michael Corleone trying to get the family business legitamte and also trying to teach his nephew Vinne to become the head of the family. He also tries to get his family life back together. Lots of great [lot development in this series that is all wrapped up in this film. Great movie. Definitely check this movie out after viewing the others. This is an amazing series that is strong from the first movie all the way to the end. This movie is great i honestly do not know what else to say about it. If you were a fan of the others and have not seen this one what are you waiting for go and see this movie it is fantastic 10 out of 10
Michael Corleone's final years. The film begins with a complete sham of a ritual and ends with the realization he can never escape who he is. Why Sofia Coppola is so ridiculed is beyond me. I found her performance understated and realistic. I think over time it has become a knee jerk response. A great movie.
In what universe would you not watch this after watching the first 2 movies? It adds context and ties up loose ends. It's a masterwork but I can understand people not feeling this way, as there were preceding movies it had to live up to. And yes

The film seems a lot better than I remember, maybe it was the rerelease, maybe it's the passing of time or maybe it just wasn't that bad a film, it just had a very high bar to live up to.

Andy Garcia is much better than I originally gave him credit for, Diane Keaton is brilliant but sadly Sophia Ford Copolla's acting will always let this film down, its dreadful.

It will always be the worst film in the series but it is still worth a watch.
The price paid by Michael Corleone was too high. Should I call this a trade between his sins and his gains? Firstly I thought this movie will not impress me as 1st and 2nd episode did due to the reviews by others. But it is quite interesting. Especially the scenes where the Corleone family had prepared to kill their enemies and the assassins planed to kill Michael Corleone. This are always the best scene from 1st episode until 3rd episode. I rate 3 of them 10 as my respect to the actors and the stories. Grazie!
Not a patch on one or two,but still worth a watch.

Script a bit far fetched and pace of film hit and miss. However still enjoyed it and Al Pacino is always good. Despite what a lot of critics at the time of film release said, thought Sofia Coppola was ok and she looked stunning.
So many things wrong with part 3. Michael is not a "Don" at all in character. In fact he's downright goofy at times. Vinny doesn't fit either. He's a street thug that comes to a party and soon afterwards becomes The Godfather. It was a lot of talk and little action. OF COURSE YOU CAN COMPARE IT TO THE FIRST TWO! Same filmmakers. It was a rushed attempt.

I will say the ending is great. Couldn't be any better.
During the part of the movie I managed to resist and see, I kept asking to myself "Why?". Why after the beautiful first and second parts there was this horrible third part? Nonsense screenplay, very bad performances, nepotism ... Maybe someone out there can explain to me why did they came up with this?
It's a good movie with all the ingredients of the previous parts, but adds nothing in scope and depth, and the plot is not as stringently scripted.

This remains an ambivalent experience, since it falls so way down the previous two films and has so many flaws and only rare moments of brilliance.


amazing that this gets a 7.6 overall- maybe ion homage to the first two, and the strange idea that coppola could make probably the best sequel ever made (godfather 2) and then one of the worst; and to be fair, public word is that the director was experiencing some very difficult times, but still, among the problems; the plot is basically ludicrous; some of the acting as well; shire has decided to act with hand movements, two out here, two out there as no one you have ever scene gesticulate as they talk; the son has no stage presence; the daughter is about as non photogenic as you can get yet playing the most desirable girl; and think of the family taken over by michael, now taken over by a loudmouth, wiseass, leather jacket andy garcia? hello? the best parts, of course, are flashbacks; advice is watch 1+2, which are stunners, and make up your own conclusion to the sage; it will be more interesting
After the first two, classic instalments of the Godfather saga, and over sixteen years later, there was no way that this would be able to live up to the hype, in the same way as we've seen recently with The Phantom Menace. Sure enough it's not as good and it drags a bit in places but there are still some amazing moments, such as the break-in in Andy Garcia's apartment and the powerful finale. The acting is great particularly from Garcia and Pacino, and Sofia Coppola isn't as bad in this as she's been made out to be. The weakest Godfather film but the best Coppola film since Apocalypse Now.
Watchable, but ridiculous. The whole saga should have been stopped at just one movie.

It kept getting more annoying and less believable. Pacino was overacting at times, the whole incestuous plot is superficial and unnecessary. The dying scene at the end was the only memorable one.

If you wanna see action, watch "Mission Impossible". For drama, watch "Times of endearment". For a decent picture of mobster life, "Goodfellas" or even "Bugsy".

In Part I he killed an enemy. In the second, his own brother. In this part, he allegedly killed Pope. Thanks god Corleone died in part III, otherwise he would have to kill Mother Teresa or Dalai Lama to make Part IV meaningful.
Occasionally marred by certain technical imperfections (such as problematic dubbing or, at least in one instance, unacceptably bad editing) and an unfortunate casting choice, the third part of the Godfather saga is the ill masterpiece that never got the recognition it deserved. Few directors possess the Promethean touch to spark atmosphere in their master shot, the feel for historical detail, the breath for a period saga, the skill to narrate a layered plot or the demonic ability to translate the operatic passion to a crime story. Mr. Coppola is this Viscontian descendant and the Godfather is his three-part Gatopardo. Godfather III is a film of almost serene beauty, toned perfectly in its operatic fatalism, shot (surprisingly for such a fluid picture) in mainly steady shots, baptized in the blessed air of Sicily for the better half of it and forever haunted by the probably deserved but certainly emotionally devastating fall of its protagonist.
The Godfather: Part III takes place many years after Part II. Al Pacino's Michael Corleone a.k.a The Godfather is older, wiser and better than before. His nephew Vincent (Andy Garcia), who he takes under his wing, is irrational and short-tempered, just like his father (Sonny Corleone, as played by James Caan in Part I). Part III sees Michael trying to correct the wrongs and wipe away his sins. III should've been filmed shortly after II. Time has sapped The Godfather's intensity. Pacino and Garcia are on top form. This film's success is partly down to the others. A fine film in its own right but one that will never reach the heights of its predecessors.
Although it does have notible flaws, The Godfather Part III is an incredible film. It continues the story of Michael Corleone and takes it to an all time high. Al Pacino is brilliant. It might be his best performance. The problems this film has are really just pacing issues in the first half of the film, and some dialogue that isn't great. Especially between Vincent and Mary. But these problems don't take a lot away from the movie. Now, is it as good as the first two films? No. Heck no. But that doesn't mean it's a bad movie. It's a worthy final installment that I think is severely underrated.


The minor changes did not help this film at all. The same weak storyline still existed. Mary Corleone was the biggest disaster of the film and there is just not a way to fix her screen time. Her overacting and complete lack of chemistry with Vincent makes that whole arc unbelievable. The whole incest, half first cousin storyline is really creepy.
The bad thing about sequels is that inevitably they are compared with the previous parts.Godfather ofcourse could not be the exception , especially after the success of the second movie.I think in Godfather III we have an attempt to show that everybody gets what he deserves in life.Michael has sinned(especially by killing his brother) and god has punished him for that.This kind of relates with the plot as we had a Vatikan conspiracy ,which in my opinion was a mickey mouse story.You just cannot kill the pope like that ! I wonder whose idea was that. The actor really missed here is Robert Dyvall.

There are a LOT of preposterous scenes which would not pass muster in I and II



Enjoyed it more than first 2 parts. May be cause it took me more than 6 hours to get invested in characters. 😁
This movie was a major disappointment. The first film in the trilogy is by far one of the best movies ever made, and the sequel almost lived up to that title. But this third installment uses the name to ruin everything. The first hour and a half is incredibly slow. The opposing families are killed off in an unrealistic action movie fashion. Once the scene changes to Italy, the film picks up a bit, but not enough to save it entirely. Granted, the attempted assassination was intense (although stolen from the first film). The best part was the end, where Michael truly gets his.
This film does NOT have the calm perfection of the first two parts. It doesn't flow effortlessly, and there are certain little hitches. That said, it's perfect. It validates the first two films by adding an emotional depth rarely seen. I like to look at it this way: the first film was the body of the trilogy. It set the precedent and built a cracking narrative. The second film was the brain and heart of the trilogy. It developed the intellectual intensity of the films, as well as inspiring true care for the characters on screen. The third film was the soul of the trilogy. In watching it, we understand and love the characters of the entire series. Some people would see the emotional additions as cliché, but I feel that they are intentional. Michael is an old man now, obsessed with his troubled past, trying to live his life legitimately. The three films together form the greatest trilogy in cinematic history, and to ignore this film is an utter tragedy. What rating should this have? I say at LEAST 8.5, because this is an integral part of the trilogy, and don't let anyone tell you otherwise.

I was skeptical whether the third installment of the "Godfather" trilogy, shot 16 years after the second installment, could be on par with the first two. While it is not as good as the first two films, it is still a good film in itself and remains faithful to the look and spirit of the first two films. I had no complaints with the cinematography or score.

The script is well-written and the ending was a very memorable and appropriate way to end the trilogy. I enjoyed all of the performances, particularly Al Pacino reprising his role as Michael Corleone, save one. The one is Sofia Coppola, who is awkward as Mary Corleone. Overall, this film is a satisfactory conclusion to the much-praised "Godfather" trilogy.

The film begins with a change in the mafia world. A world in which the mafias are no longer hidden and have no violent appearance. They do charity work, they cover religion, they do big business, but they are still mafia. Michael realized that leaving his family behind and giving back to mafia activities would both lonel him and deprive him of his future; So that he has to leave the future of the Mafia to his bastard son! The Mafia is still bleeding, but behind the scenes art! And finally, in the mafia world, love is also sacrificed ... And alone ...


No doubt a beautiful piece of art, heart-aching movie, spectacular romance, filled with family love, if Winona Ryder had been in it.
I realise that many people don't like this film. It is probably due to them comparing it to the other two. This isn't really fair since the first two are two of the greatest movies in history. Taken by itself it really isn't that bad. I was glad to see how the Corleone family would continue after Michael died. And I also think the final shot of Michael on the chair was a very powerful shot. I saw Michael's life flash before my eyes at that moment.
Not saying it's bad, far from it. I think the rating is actually fair. It could have worked as a stand-alone movie, but it simply did not work as the final installment to an already perfect franchise. The acting ( tho believable ) is nowhere near as good as the originals. It's just lacking the realistic touch that the first two movies had. At times it felt like I was watching a musical rather than a gangster flick. It's obvious that they wanted to try something different with this movie

The Godfather could have been the greatest trilogy in movie history, but this one simply did not live up to the standard set by the originals. Shame it carries the same title, it truly is


OK it's not as good as the first two films but it's still a great movie. Those who trash it are just being silly. We have to consider that MIchael Corleone never wanted to be a gangster and throughout his leadership of the family he strove to be legitimate. Yes he did kill people when he had to and I can't forgive him for the unnecessary killing of Fredo.

The main plot here is a bit complicated and you have to follow it closely. Pacino was excellent as usual and deserved an oscar nomination. Carcia was an excellent choice for his part but was still playing a gangster rather than the head of the family.

So we get to Sophia Coppolla. Yes we know why she got the part. Never the less she is perfect for the part. I was very sad at the end


this movie is underrated cause well if you think about it is a good movie as its own it doesnt live up to the first two but it has some good points in it. i like how michael is depicted in this one he is nearing death and he wants to clean his sins with holy water, and andy garcia has the qualitys of sonny and sometimes as an early michael.the plot is good but..here comes the but..there are flaws ..first robert duvall should have been in it.. he should have..second sofia coppola...god bless her should have been replaced by wynonna rider.and second the movie is missing one thing all of the movies or the first two have been father to son and in this one it is father to daughter? i mean she shouldnt have been givin that much screen time in it...but overall this movie is pretty good in its own ways. but it is a wonderfull ending to the corleone saga. 8/10
I can't help but think that this Godfather was made for purely financial reasons and had nothing to do with an attempt to further elaborate the story presented in the first Godfather movies which are among the greatest movies ever made. The biggest problem with this Godfather is that it is missing the great characters of the previous two films. The first was an ensemble cast with Brando as its center. The second ,divided between the De Niro and Pacino episodes ,created a compelling dynamic. Here, Pacino has to carry the whole movie. Although Dianne Keaton tries her best, she has become too bitter to be anything but nagging to Pacino. And we know by this time he is already tortured enough. The rest of the cast just doesn't measure up to the earlier versions . It would have been nice to have Robert Duvall return as Tom Hagen rather than suffer through the "Lady Macbeth" histrionics of Talia Shire. The Godfather 3 is definitely worth taking a look at even if it doesn't measure up to the other two films. The talents of the principals still shine through to make this at least worth a look.

Me parece la obra mas fiel dentro de la tribología, desde mi humilde punto de vista. Donde se enumeran conflictos mas reales que en las otras producciones, aunque es el film menos valorado. Para mi es sin duda la verdadera obra maestra mientras que las otras son paja pa´l burro.

Sure it's not better than the first two, but it still beats a lot of the crap out there now. Al Pacino is great in this movie and Andy Garcia's character Vincent is a refreshing addition. Lots of violence and emotion are packed into this movie that should have been more recognized than it was. My only complaint was Sofia Coppola's sometimes wooden acting, but she did OK. I would recommend it to anyone who loved the first two.

Many people have been critical of the last scene, more than one comment comparing it to Arte Johnson's routine on "Laugh In". I for one appreciated it--the point was, that Michael pretty much died when his beloved daughter was killed, and his actual expiration was a mere technicality.

This movie had its pluses--a very strong performance by Pacino, Andy Garcia's fiery Vincent, the changing of Connie from a hapless shrew to an Empress Livia-type killer, and some good cinematography. And it has its minuses--an irrelevant subplot concerning the Vatican, the annoying George Hamilton, and of course the miscasting of Coppola's daughter in the small but key role of Mary. (Note: was I the only one who noticed that Sofia Coppola does not look even remotely like Diane Keaton, her presumptive mother?)

To end on a positive note, I would still like to see a Godfather IV, if only to watch a power struggle between Vincent and Connie. Just leave out George Hamilton.
Michael Corleone is one of the greatest characters in the history of cinema, but here all we get is a completely over-the-top Al Pacino--his characterization of the aging don simply does not work and it is impossible to believe that this is supposed to be the same person that ruled the mafia with an iron fist in the second film. (And yes, what WAS that haircut? I do not think an aging Italian man in the late 1970s would sport a skater's buzzcut.)

But I did think Andy Garcia was pretty good in what was an embarrassment to two of the best films in history.
I so wanted to give this film 1/10 as its so bad, but had i not seen the first two i probably would have thought it an OK film.

But, i have seen the first two, and based on those cinema master-pieces, who wouldn't watch III? Right from the start of III i couldn't believe how bad this film was - the acting, almost comedic at times, the settings, the clothes - the film is supposed to be 1979, yet it looks 1990 to me when the film is made. Absolutely appalling film and i cannot believe it has the same director.

Those of you have rated this film highly, or say its the best of the trilogy, are very very misguided people.
I've always avoided seeing the third part of the Godfather Trilogy, fearing that it will ruin the Godfather "experience" for me. However, I just couldn't pass up the opportunity to finally watch it today. After sitting in my chair for 4 hours, I can conclude that this is one of the best movies I have seen. The score is taken almost note-for-note from the previous two films, but it fits the story perfectly.

I can see why some had criticized Sofia Coppola's acting, but that is completely overshadowed by the performances of the rest of the cast, especially that of Andy Garcia. I really have to admit that this is probably the best film in this trilogy. I regret the fact that I had not seen this film until today; I really missed out on what should be regarded as a classic.
film works beautifully for about 40 minutes then goes off in many directions. the scenes at the Vatican are quite compelling and in a way the Director should be commended for showing the guts to express, artistically, how many people feel about Religion in general. It is "the God business" and its' conceivable that it has had some bad associations.

acting is excellent, all around, and yes, I thought Director's daughter did okay.

I said above the story goes off too far, geographically *and* dramatically. I won't give away the very unsatisfying ending but will say a much smaller concentration on the Godfather's new, terrible scenario to work through, his "bastard" nephew's (Father was Sonny) obvious attraction to his daughter, would have made this strong "9".

At least Coppola got the title he'd always wanted.

The one impactful change in the recut version is the new opening scene. I think in this recut Coppola wasn't trying to make part 3 better, his true aim was to present it as a separate arc/story from the initial saga.

After having heard a lot of people talk about how bad this movie is, I'm pretty confused why they think it is. Like it is definitely the weakest of the Godfather Trilogy, but it's not bad. I know there was some behind the scenes issues with them not wanting to pay Robert Duval enough money. But other than some dry acting I thought the film was pretty solid. I think Al Pacino is still outstanding and Andy Garcia was a great addition to the cast. There was some dry acting in the film and I really missed the local Italian culture that was portrayed in the previous two films. But overall very solid and make to me The Godfather one of the strongest Trilogies out there.

"Godfather" series of the end of the work, expression and depth is no less than the first two! Al Pacino is still charming when he is old, not to mention his acting skills. There are still a lot of right to the point maxims in the film. In addition, compared with the previous two films, the film has more emotional and family scenes. The soundtrack of the film is so beautiful. The opera performance in the climax part and the scene of parallel editing of the bloodbath are really beautiful!

I think the problem here is that the direction of the movie is all over the place. At times the music seems to be right on point, and others it's underutilized. New characters are introduced, and the story is a little confusing. Al Pacino wasn't given enough dramatic scenes that showcase his acting ability. Scenes are short and kinda jump around a lot. No character in the movie is given a lot of screen time, so you don't get to like them or hate them, they're just kind of there. That said, the story is fairly straightforward even if it is a little confusing you can still guess and will probably be right in who's trying to do what in the movie. Some of the actors don't have the acting chops to do their character right, so that's a little annoying. The scenes in Italy are beautiful and capture that Godfather 1 and 2 feel. I do recommend you watch this one if you're a Godfather fan just to close out the series. The movie is entertaining enough and there are even a couple really good shocking scenes. If you've got an afternoon, why not?
Proboby known as the least recognized or liked of the trilogy, all you have to do is separate it from the first two(which of course are classics) and you will get a lot out of this film,it doesn't have the same feeling or passion of the first two, but it has something else, Andy Garcia gives the performance of his life as Sunny's bastard son, and pacino playing a withering and somewhat matured Michael corlione finally shows that family really is the most important thing and maybe questions some of te decisions he has made in the past thinking he is doing the best thing for his"FAMILY" but really it was just a power trip. I am a huge godfather fan and not taking anything away from the first two masterpieces, godfather three i would have to say is my favorite, it is a movie i can pull out and watch often, where the first two are movies you pull out as an occasion with friends. If you haven't seen it and have heard bad things from idiot so called "godfather fans" forget what you have heard and give it a go............U WILL LOVE IT.

I found this film to be quite boring I think they should have just stuck with Parts 1&2.

What's the problem? The imagery is excellent, and the continuity flows well with the previous two in the series. I think it would have been better if both the church characters and assassins would have been better developed or more integral to the overall workings. The musical score could have been stronger, which I think greatly influenced the previous two. Still overall, a very moving story and solid ending to the trilogy.

With two absolute masterpieces behind, it was difficult to get a good result with a third and final part in the 'The Godfather' trilogy. Certainly this third installment does not go as expected, but it is still a remarkable film. Through the almost three hours of footage we see how Michael Corleone tries to clear his family's name and deal with the ghosts of his past. It's frustrating how much wasted potential this film has, which could have been the best in the trilogy or at least lived up to it. Seeing an elderly Michael carrying his sins is the best thing about the film and what was able to raise the film to the level of its predecessors. That is why the last act of the film is the best, because it falls squarely on this topic. Although we must not neglect family relationships, which were an important part in the previous parts and here continues with a totally remarkable development. Perhaps the legacy of this last part is the death of Michael Corleone, not physically, but totally and as Coppola shows it on screen in such a human and direct way. Perhaps the best this last part could deliver.

Like many people I anticipated the arrival of Godfather 3 but was left cold by it. At the time I zeroed my dislike to the universally accepted scapegoat, Sofia Coppola's stale performance, after the talented Winona Ryder bailed on the project. After multiple viewings I suddenly realized that, for me anyway, Al Pacino's performance is what turned me off. He was not the younger, subtle and starving artist Pacino of the early 1970's as in the first two films, but the older super-star whose strong acting style had already by 1990, become a parody of itself.


Many feelings left me this last part of the saga that I want to see again. There are good performances but not excellent (with respect to the first and second), although my intention is not to compare, The Godfather 3 is good, loaded with content that for those who are not informed with what is behind this world, they are not It will make it so easy to understand, but it also has its ups and downs.

The final minutes in the opera did not like me so much, however the end of this work was impeccable. A trilogy of 10 that should not have waited so long to perform it.

Mary, the gorgeous, was the highlight of this part. This part was released quite after a long time. All actors looked graceful especially, Michael, his sister and children.

The lesson learned from this movie all along three parts is that no matter the power, position and money you acquire, everything has a fall. People seem to have luxuries that no one can afford but still there is something they cannot afford to lose.



The first time I saw the series of Godfather movies, I saw them all in the same weekend. To move from Michael's innocence to his corruption to his redemption/consequences (anybody think Mary died for Michael's sins?) in such a short time was deeply affecting to me. No, Godfather III is not a "great" work on its own -- but it shouldn't be viewed on its own. Mary's death, then Michael's death are fitting conclusions to THE American film masterpiece.

It helped that I saw this, understanding that it was a major disappointment for those with high expectations after the first 2. It was interesting backtracking to this and seeing Andy Garcia as a young buck, much in the same vein as Al Pacino was in GF I, while Pacino is still his own man, out of Brando's shadow. It draws well from the previous 2, leaving you understanding why it waited 16 years to be made. I loved how it rounded out Michael's destiny after showing how much the years wore on him. Talia Shire shows herself as being more than capable of playing a tough mafia woman after her character had previously been so feeble. Overall, a more than decent end to the this epic film series.
I have seen this film several times since its release, in the cinema and on DVD. I have also read numerous adverse comments from some film critics and cannot believe that they saw the same film. It was actually a worthy follow-up to the first two Godfather films and is still worth viewing after all these years: Al Pacino playing his part magnificently. Some critics poured out volumes of abuse about Sofia Coppola at the time and this has been repeated by others until it seems to be accepted generally - sadly, many critics are unoriginal and trot out others' clichés. I find myself totally unable to agree - she played her part well, in my estimation, and her character was believable - certainly did not merit the denigration she received from some. (I have even seen comments (on this site) disparaging her looks - I can only conjecture about the writers' gender preferences and/or stage of development.) If you have not seen this film, forget the sour criticisms, watch it and you may be pleasantly surprised.
Out of the whole lot, to me GF-2 is the best, although the first one was the real ground breaker for a totally new style for mafia movies. Having that said: It would have been too much to keep up the torch and not dropping a few pieces here and there. The Robert Duval thing probably wasn't Coppola's doing but he could've easily found something a lot better than Mr. Suntan almost anywhere. The sudden transformation of Andy Garcia's Vincent from a formerly outsider and almost ignored ear biting wacko into the Don's right hand and successor after messing up with the boss daughter and his own close blood relative is a huge no-no in any Italian family let alone this so particular one. And a couple more of unforgivable licenses like the Terminator kind of hit-man going after Michael, or the silly lethal eyeglasses solution and the poor Anthony's lyric performance, well, they take away a lot of the oh-my-gosh so dramatic atmosphere that the whole saga had built over before this part. And, one more thing: Whatever happened to Michael's poker face?...


Ok!! So I watched this 30 years ago and like most people felt it was a disappointment. However in the past weeks having watched all 3 again in order it is actually pretty good and has stood the test of time. Nothing compares to number 2 but 3 does not tarnish the legacy the way some people say it does. It's poignant and heartbreaking and quietly epic and its a fitting finale to the trilogy. I'm really glad I came back to it.
Sophia Coppola, talented director, was not a good enough actress for her story line in the movie. It brought down the whole movie. Too bad Winona Ryder was too ill. She would have brought more gravitas and acting talent to such a pivotal role.
The Godfather III is not as good as the first 2, but is still a very good film and a nice ending to a great movie saga. III takes place many years after II ends. Michael is an old man, his children are grown. He is trying to get out of the mafia life, but they keep pulling him back in.

Sofia Coppola is not a great actress, but doesn't do too bad of a job playing Mary Corleone. (I've seen much worse from established actresses) Bridget Fonda, Andy Garcia and Joe Mantegna are among the many new characters. Robert Duvall, who was great as Tom Hayden in the first 2 films, does not appear here. Diane Keaton and Talia Shire are back again.

Part III does not measure up to the first 2, but then what films do? This is a very enjoyable movie which completes the best movie series ever made.
I feel that this movie had moments of greatness, but other than the fact that her dad directed it how did Sophia Coppola get on screen? She is totally outclassed by an otherwise excellent cast. Maybe it's just me but she makes me want to put my foot through the screen! Well, at least she only ruins her dad's films - I can imagine why anyone else would have reason to hire her...
I watched it completely for the first time today. Simply outstanding movie. High on emotions. It's sad some movie goers like to see the same thing every time and can't manage to see logical ending. It can't be nothing less than a 9 out of 10. I gave it a 10. Al Pacino is outstanding.
Good acting and solid story but got a bit boring, could have been better

Not as great as Godfather and Godfather 2 but far better than the garbage on the screens today


Weakest sequel of the three. I couldn't help thinking how Michael, who's supposed to be a man in charge, let's things get out of control. Can you imagine the scene where Garcia bites his enemy's ear off happening in the presence of Marlon's Don. Never! He was in control and you were too if you were near him. It's as if Michael never learned anything from his father.

Everyone is talking about Sophia's casting...Garcia's casting is an affront to Italians. He's a Cuban for Pete's sake! He was nominated because of the name of the film. He didn't win and look what he's done since...nothing. He plays the shallow version of Sonny. This film tries to think too much. Tries to be too intriguing. It's neither. Too bad I had to pay for it in the DVD Godfather package, I would have left it in the store.


Everything is terrible: acting, writing, plot, soundtrack and background music (out of place, misused), photography... It seems like they had a lot of bad ideas in a to do list and tried to put all of them together.
People like to blame the lack of fan acceptance on Sofia Coppola when the true reason is that Francis changed Michael Corleone's hair. Godfather nerds were upset that Pacino was no longer the ruthless Terminator of the previous films but laid the blame solely at the feet of Sofia Coppola whom they accused of being the shallow daughter of a powerful man. Totally missing the point that she is playing the shallow daughter of a powerful man. Her subsequent career as an amazing film director should encourage a re-evaluation of her performance here. Plus we get Eli Wallach which easily makes up for the lack of Robert Duvall.


A love story for the ages...infused with truism. I know there was a lot of criticism regarding Sophia Copolla as Mary. I thought she was absolutely perfect and had great chemo with Andy Garcia.
I had high hopes for this and it looked promising in the beginning. First and most importantly to me, the picture quality is much improved, I'm not a fan of the picture quality for the trilogy. Also, a scene later in the movie was moved to the beginning and while it works I don't agree with changing the opening, I think they should have just sorted the beginning differently and kept the stuff that was cut. Everything else is pretty much the same, I didn't notice any changes until the ending. I feel they ruined the ending with the rather small change they used and it was unnecessary.
Arguably one of the worst movies ever made,this would be like a Picasso,Rembrandt followed by a paint by numbers coloring book.Self-indulgent garbage.
Sure, the movie is pressured because the first two movies are legendary, but let's face it, part III is not nearly as good as the first two movies, it is even a bad movie. This movie ruined The Godfather Trilogy for most viewers and I can understand why. The directing and acting are below average unlike the first two and the plot is not that good. In my opinion Andy Garcia was terrible in his performance so was Sofia Coppola. The Godfather Part III exited the principle concept and idea of The first two movies. It is far from being a movie that emphasizes on the gangster life of the Corleone family.

In conclusion it is bad movie, Al Pacino saved it a little. 5.5/10

When I read the reviews of this movie I ignored to watch it, but I had an urge to know what happen to the Corleone family. So I watched the movie and found it to be great and epic sequal. Critics criticized the performance of Sofia Coppola but I didn't found any issue with her performance. This is better than The Godfather Part II ( honestly). And Al Pacino as always did a stainless performance. I appreciate the whole series but found part 2 over slow. Never judge a movie by it's poster & critics. The plot of the movie is intelligent and surprisingly epic. And climax is unpredictable!
I gave my honest review of this movie, but the weaklings of IMDB thought I was too harsh on Bridget and Sofia. So, I'll back it down a little bit. They are the two worst actresses of all time. And they almost killed the greatest franchise of all time. That's as nice as I can put it.
Sure it's not in the same league as the first two films but not many pictures are. An impossible feat to follow up. Coda is pretty good but I prefer Coppola's original cut. The opening with the deserted compound in Nevada by the lake was wonderful and ties in nicely to part II, however in Coda the sequence is missing. Its a shame Robert Duvall was not in this story as I love the character of Tom Hagen. Also I think Sofia Coppola is quite good as Mary and cops a lot of unfair criticism. Eli Wallach and Andy Garcia are also good and Pacino is brilliant as always. I enjoy the Tower of Babel symbolism here as Michael attempts to buy the Church's favour before his death and in the end learns that in the end some things cannot be bought with money, no stairway to heaven can be built no matter how powerful and influential one might be. My only real criticism of the film is the opera sequence is a bit long and would have preferred more of Michael trying to sort out Zaza but that's Francis' call not mine. A great film that deserves to be re watched.
Godfather:part III was a little disappointment to me when I first saw it. Nevertheless it was a good conclusion of this great epic about Corleone family despite some big flaws such in giving the role of Mary Corleone to Sofia Coppola who isn't all that really.
A series of films of the strongest productions of the world cinema wonderful in every sense of the drama in particular


This is a perfectly good mafia movie, and all would be fine if it wasn't associated with the two greatest movies of all time. It is still a fun watch, but The Godfather part three should be viewed separately from the other two movies.
there are two problems with this movie and its the same two most everyone here has mentioned. I was hoping Robert Duvall as Tom Hagen would reprise his role, and Sofia Coppola, despite being very beautiful, gives an extremely poor performance. She would not have had the chance to play in this movie if it was made 3 or 4 years after the 2nd one. The ending was very dramatic. 8/10
This movie was acceptable over-all, but nowhere near the class of the first two, and somewhat tarnishes the series as a whole. The problem is mainly with casting. Obviously, Coppola casting his daughter was a huge mistake. Not only isn't she good, but she is less than amateurish. A good high-school actor could have played the part better. For that matter, I though George Hamilton was wrong for his part. I think his reputation is too light-weight for a serious movie like this. Even Joe Mantegna was too hammy for his part, and made the movie seem cartoonish. Having said that, I liked the intrigue concerning the Vatican. Mixing the evil of the Mafia with the Church creates an eerie setting. Overall, an engrossing movie that falls short.

Although fans of this saga would have loved to seen the continuation with the same actors, the conclusion was consistent with the previous stories. Still too violent and graphic for my tastes and certainly inappropriate for non-adults, yet the move was well done.
I have to say I am a Godfather Fan-aticc ...Parts 1 & 2 are Wonderful!

They were really getting down to the real nitty gritty, and I was very excited to hear that they were doing a Godfather part 3 .But sadly it was a very weak story line and I was very disappointed in the fact that there was no REAL thought put into the ending.I felt that the fans were a little let down.I think he should have left the movie ALONE and let the fans work out their own endings...Thats why we have IMAGINATION!!Some Saga's should never have an ending (ESPECIALLY IF IT'S GOOD)Anyways I heard something very interesting recently..That they are thinking of continuing the Andy Garcia(Vincent) storyline..I don't know about that idea (everyones dead except Connie,Anthony,Kay,)WHAT DOES THAT TELL YA!
This movie should have never been made. Andy Garcia is horrible. Al Pacino plays his hoowah character in this one and contradicts who Michael Corleone was. Coppola's daughter is awkward. The plot of the Godfather 3 is absurd, in fact it's completely unrealistic. The only consolation is if you love the first 2 Godfather movies you may have a few laughs because its more of a spoof.

For most die hard Godfather fanatics, Pacino could have staged a musical revival of Gilligan's Island and they would have loved it as long as the word "Godfather" was in the title. For me, personally, I rank the first two Godfather movies among my top five all-time. But any expectation you have that Godfather III will match those lofty hopes are quickly dashed. The screenplay is so awkward and contrived it seems at times that it is an improv skit set to Italian music. There are no surprises, no suspense and no single character captures your imagination or attention - it is almost a farce. Pacino gives a decent reprisal of his most famed role but everyone else is just plain bad including Garcia and, most noticeably, Sofia Coppola. I was so surprised by my disappointment, I went back and watched it again recently in hopes that I would change my opinion. Nope. Still bad. Four out of ten stars.

A lot of people said that this film isn't as good as the other two, and it isn't ranked even in the IMDb top 250 (instead "the Godfather" and "the Godfather - part II" are in the #1 and #6). That's on right! Ok, maybe it's true that "the Godfather - part III" is less thrilling and not original, but it completes marvellously "the Godfather Trilogy". Certainly the end of "the Godfather - part III" (which corresponds at the end of the saga) is so sad that I cried a lot when I first saw it (and I still cry everytime I see it). It's the best end I've ever seen. If you have seen the first and the second film of the saga, you can't feel satisfied without have seen the part III. It's marvellous, sad, strong,...great!


It's quite an achievement that the people who gave us two of the greatest films of all time in the forms of 1 and 2, could come up with this pudding!

It gives hope to all of us.

Okay it's the weakest of the Godfather films as Mario Puzo died before it would be produced, but I am also againist all those who claim that it's bad. It's a nice epilogue to Michael Corleone's story, paying tribute to his character who finally understands Vito's teachings. But the film itself proves that the soul of the Godfather was Mario Puzo. They were his characters and only he himself could trully understand them. Coppola created a fine third installment, but I believe that if Puzo was around to write the film and not only contribute the story, scenes like the love scenes or Michael's turn of character would have been done in a better, more fitting to the Godfather's atmosphere themes. Finally, even though I watched the film with an open mind, it is true that Sofia Coppola being cast was a terrible move... A great ending to the Godfather that could be better....



I loved this film, the final stage of the saga. The only thing missing was Robert Duvall. Other than that all the things that made I & II so great are all here. Wonderful performances especially Al Pacino and Andy Garcia. If Sophia's last name wasn't Coppola people would appreciate her performance more. Not a perfect film but still great!!! 8/10
First of all, I must admit that this is movie is not AS good as the first two Godfather movies...it's not as intense, not as multi-layered...and it's a little too retrospective sometimes.

However, this I really enjoyed this movie the first time I saw, which surprised me, considering things I've heard about it from the pretentious movie critics. I found myself wrapped up in it. The acting, Sofia Coppola aside, was top notch. The story and dialog: excellent. This movie is way underrated, another case of people buying into what they hear.

Once again, this movie may not be as good as the first two, but it deserves more credit than it gets. In fact, I'd say that the movie deserves an 8.0 to a 8.2
The movie was not altogether that bad, but the prequels are in a class of their own. I felt most of the movie was built around nostalgia from the other movies. For example, many references to Fredo's death, and Sonny, and Kay talking about the past with Michael. How many times did we even here Sonny's name in the Godfather part 2. I think Coppola knew he didn't have the same atmosphere as the previous ones so built this one around to remind the viewer of the past.

Why on earth did Coppola have his daughter play such a critical character. Her character grows on the audience like a thorn stinging you, she leaves you wishing that she never appears again in any of the scenes. Andy Garcia was good, and I swear I saw James Caan in Garcia's character more than once. Al Pacino was Al Pacino. Overall, I'd see it just for the fact that it is a part of the Godfather, just don't expect the movie to blow you away.
The turn and twists in acting of Al Pacino And Andy Garica is something to keep watching this legendary end again and again
Yes, I know it was stylish at the time of the film's release to pan Sofia Coppola's performance, but it was Wallach, not Sofia, who almost singlehandedly ruined the film. His mannered, fussy, grotesquely overacted portrayal of an elderly Don stands out among so many fine performances like (to paraphrase Raymond Chandler) a tarantula on a slice of angel food cake.

Sofia Coppola played the role of a sheltered, shy, naive rich girl, & her restraint--perhaps bordering on gawkiness--fits the character perfectly. She uses her beautiful brown eyes to perfect effect in her more emotional moments. And, her talent in general has been more than proved by her creative work on "Lost in Translation".

I read a rumor that Frank Sinatra turned down the role Wallach ended up playing.....what a shame as Frank would have been so much better than Wallach!

Yeah yeah everyone knows the gf3 is not as great as the first 2 but dont see this and you're missing out on one of the best performances by any actor in the 90's . I'm talking about Al PAcino reprising his legendary role of Micheal Corleone .He is absolutely magnificent in this role . Hunched over and seemingly defeated but still emanating that intensity and power that was in part 2 . This is surely micheal corleone's saga and pacino does full justice to his role even if the movie does not serve him well . It also has one of the greatest delivered lines in movie history

"Just when i thought i was out they pull me back in "

The problem with the movie is Michael Corleone is not in it. Al brought Al to the character and he and Francis should have known better. Al also went soft on the character and that was a disappointment. There you have it. The main problem with the film.
This movie is, the consensus seems to be, great as movies go, but not quite up to par of Part I and Part II. I should have to agree. Sofia Coppola really truly should not have gotten the part as Mary. The only positive thing I can say about her is that she has nice hair, which is not much, is it? Andy Garcia, well, he was not bad but could have been much better. There are a couple of moments when he seems to have forgotten his lines. Is this Coppola's fault for letting us see it? And is he (Garcia) really strong enough to continue the Corleone empire? The movie doesn't quite let you make your mind up. Pacino is, as always, faultless, this time as the ageing Michael. Talia Shire is better in this movie than she was in the other two, though maybe this is because she is more involved in the actual plot.
Absolutely inexcusable. Does anybody remember that this film actually was nominated for Best Picture of the Year? So blatantly crafted not to entertain but rather to leech a few more dollars off the audience. Utterly shameless. Andy Garcia tries to infuse some energy into the production, but how can he succeed when he has to battle the script, the uninspired efforts of every other actor on the set (who are merely there to cash in on the film's inevitable box office success) and, of course, ahem, Sophia.


I regret to wait long time to watch it. After first two parts i always thought it didn't work to watch. But now I see that i wasted my years without this movie.



I finally watched The Godfather tirlogy, and I have to say that the third film is the "weakest" one. The story doesn't feel as thrilling as the other two, some of the characters remain a mystery and create sort of confusion. But I have to say, Al Pacino is great.


I am not a huge fan of the Godfather trilogy (but I do enjoy them), but I must admit that this is quite a good film. I wanted to see why everyone always beats this movie down. There is absolutely no reason to do so! (Save for Sofia's acting...) I can understand why people wouldn't like this movie though, in this film, you are cheering for a completely different Micheal. In parts I and II you are cheering for the guy who's breaking his way to the top, in III he's at the top, and has seen the errors of his ways, so he wants to make things better. It's because he wants to make things better that people don't like this film.

If you liked parts I and II you probably won't enjoy this as much. BUT if you simply enjoy good film, then this is a very excellent view that I would definitely recommend.
The scenes, lighting, props, etc, are great, especially in the first 2 movies, but the movies are actually poorly written and boring. The only reason everyone loves them and calls them "World-class" is because they are sheeple and can't form their own objective opinions. Objectively, these movies all suck. The first one is like a 5/10, the second one is like a 4.3/10, and the third one is a 1/10. Actors mess their lines up so many times in all of these movies and for some reason Coppola decided to leave it in... When a person messes up their speech in real life it sounds different than when an actor messes up their lines, and it's very unnatural... He made a big mistake leaving all these bloopers in the final cuts.
I never quite got why part 3 of The Godfather trilogy was panned by the critics as it's an excellent movie and a fitting end to a wonderful 3 movies..
No wonder this film is not in the top 250 of IMDb. It seems to do what most other trilogies do and never live up to the expectations of it's predecessors. Unlike the previous two films there are only two well known actors/actresses in Al Pacino and Talia Shire. Why could Francis Ford Coppola not pull other top notch personnel in as he did with Marlon Brando, Robert De Niro and Robert Duvall? Also the plot seems a mirror image to the first instalment. No spoilers here, see for yourself. It drags you along with no real conviction and nowhere to go apart from the predictable ending. No way to make millions of fans wait 16 years for a somewhat let down experience. To be honest, it would be difficult for anyone to reach the level of the first two films but it seems that Coppola instilled his own image in the form of Michael Corleone: a failing great. Do not be put off though, get this trilogy in your DVD collection now!

Hmmm, me thinks after reading the other reviews that Sophia was tragically miscast. Well, after watching it for myself, I agree. You know, someone like Joey from Dawsons creek would have been ideal playing Mary. When a girl that cute dies at the end, you cry, not weep for joy, as I did when Sophia left us. I feel safe knowing that if there were to be another addition to the saga, there wouldn't be a Mary Corleone. Unless there is some kind of weird resurrection,where I'm sure Cher would be suitable.

I know it's not anything new... But like so many others I would love an edition where most or all scenes with the Coppola daughter were cut out.. It's not only that all scenes with her are are rediculously 'fake' and unconvincing due to her absence of acting skills.

Even if all the scenes with Sofia are obviously put into the movie just to show of his daughter it's that more amazing that a director of Coppolas format is not able to do a better integration of Sofias character and lines into the movie. Especially since it's his own daughter being rediculed. Poor girl.

Al Pacino is magnificent in the final instalment of this epic trilogy. The film continues the story of The Corleone family and Michael's desire to legitimise their business. The character development is excellent and draws you in, keeps you wanting to see more. Michael is tormented by his past but driven for the future he desires for his children. Will he succeed? Or will the criminal ties he seeks to sever prove too difficult to cut?
Not as bad as some make it out to be, but definitely falls well short of the first two movies.

Provides decent (albeit somewhat unnecessary) closure to Michael's story, but almost everything else about it is fairly dull and uninteresting... whereas how Godfather parts 1 and 2 had a time dilation effect that made 90 minutes fly by in what felt like only 30, part 3 unfortunately had the inverse effect on me.

I will say that Sofia Coppola's performance, while certainly bad, wasn't as horrible or as detrimental to the film as I was led to believe.

I rate movies either "awful", "bad", "so-so", "good", or "great". My rating for The Godfather Part III is "so-so", which I've decided equates to 5/10 on IMDb's rating scale.
If Godfather 1 is a 10/10, Godfather 2 is a 9/10 AND Godfather 3 is a 4/10. Al Pacino bears no resemblance to the character he portrayed in 1&2. There is no real buildup in the movie, even the tense scenes aren't that tense, the story lacks a direction nor carries any messages like 1&2 had to offer. It wasn't all that boring but I wish it wasn't made.
By far does not match the greatness of the the previous two Godfather movies. I feel the movie suffered as a result of inferior acting jobs, primarily on the behalf of Sofia Coppola, Mr.George Hamilton. Andy Garcia was outstanding and the making of a Godfather IV with Andy as the Don is absolutely mouth watering.
I am a big fan of the first two movies. This one I don't enjoy as much as the first two but there are great things and bad things of the film. I really liked Al Pacino's role as Michael, now in his latter years still haunted by his actions from his past...example ordering the murder of his brother Fredo. Andy Garcia played excellent as Sonny's Son Vincent who has so much similarities of the character James Caan played.

Now for what i hate about it. First of all the story isn't as compelling as the first two and the casting of Sophia Coppola the daughter of the director.

Overall score: 7/10
I bought the box set not having seen any of the Godfather films. I must admit that I can't pick out an individual film in the series and say, that's the best ever. What I can do however is look at all three films and see that it is all three films together that makes it great. How anyone can say that 'The Godfather' for them is Brando rather than Pacino baffles me. I think some critics may be getting a little over excited when it comes to Marlon Brando. Al Pacino is so much better than Brando in this story that it can only be some kind of blind idolisation that is generating these ideas. The development of Pacino's character over the three films must be unique in cinema, and must therefore be the true greatness of 'The Godfather'. It's a shame that they waited so long before the third film was made, the time jump feels a little alienating, and it's also a great pity Robert Duvall wasn't able to be a part of it either. However, the story is Pacino's and his performance in the final film is so good that its lack of popularity is a shame. It may be that people are more interested in the gangster genre than in witnessing a moving performance of one of our finest actors.



Part one and two were masterpieces, part three, although not completely having the power of the first two movies, does have something that sets it apart, the focus on one character, Pacino's Michael, the themes of redemption are powerfully acted, Oscar worthy, in my opinion Pacino's all time best performance, people are quick to look at some flaws like Coppola' daughters' acting, but its a small hole to complain about, a excuse to not praise the performance of Pacino and a character so richly put on screen.
I enjoyed the film, I thought parts of it were unrealistic and unconsistent with the Godfather theme. The whole cousin incest thing was very weird. I still beleived that this film was good and a unique way to end the story, but they could have done without it.
I saw the two first godfathermovies and thought they were great so i wanted to buy the trilogy on DVD but i had not seen the third. I bought it anyway and expected it to be totally awful but this movie has been blamed to much and it is not even close to the first and the second one but anyway i think it is good and worth to have on DVD. No one else then Coppola has suceeded with a trilogy so great(perhaps George Lucas with Star wars)then with this one. Al Pacino is still god not as good as before but good and i heard that Sofia Coppola should be terrible but she was pretty good. I think that the critics owe this movie an apologize and all the people who thinks it is not good enough,i mean this is a late continuer which had every possibility to fail but Coppola actually did it. So give it a chance. It is so much better then you think.
I enjoyed this movie the first time and every time I've watched it. There are some negatives, which I will get ride of first- Tom Hagen/Robert Duvall is missing, and George Hamilton is no Robert Duvall. Not greedy, but feeling underpaid, he chose to skip this one, and it hurts the finished product.And second- Sofia Coppola is awful. That said- I loved Garcia as Sonny's son and the heir to the mafia throne. I liked Talia Shire's growth as a character into a true "Corleone". And I like how Michael Corleone's life of crime didn't end with a happy retirement. While I disagree with the cardinal's assessment (or at least, his blaming God) there are certainly consequences for actions, and Michael is certainly reaping his criminal harvest. It is dark and depressing, as his life of crime should be, and that is when he should seek redemption. But this shows that redemption isn't something you can earn, but is a gift from God. The scenery is beautiful, the interplays of the characters (minus Sofia) are well done, and though not up to the first 2 installments, very few movies are.
I'm not breaking any new ground by saying that this one doesn't compare with the others. Taken on its own, it's an entertaining movie that, while not that well done, kept me engrossed enough to sit through nearly three hours.

Still, neither the acting, the directing, nor the writing matches up with Godfather I or II. There's no need to go into detailed complaints, but all told, this movie is fun but nothing special.


Who said that this movie is a not really good sequel? I didn't! It was a cool movie, with a lot of tensions. This movie played my adrenalin. Al Pacino, Andy Garcia, they are all good. Never underestimate the power of Corleone family. They can do everything.

Andy Garcia looked very emotional on this movie. But, it makes him look like a great actor (he is!). He used that gun like he used a toy. Shoot there, shoot here, shoot everywhere. Woah!!!! Made me sturdy.

Al Pacino, Al Pacino, Al Pacino. Don't ever say NO! Yeah, he's the one and only. He can plays any character. Definitely adore him. As Don Michael Corleone, he played like a king (mafia in this movie) to rule the world. He used Vincent to help him and believe Vincent. I think, Vincent will be a good godfather for the next part of The Godfather movie. Maybe, The Godfather 4 or 5. We'll find out.
It has 2 hard acts to follow, but I thought it did an excellent job of finishing the story. Some really memorable moments that have etched their place in the corleone tapestry. Beautifully acted and directed I adore this movie, to me it's an event.
Before I watched this, I read the bad and good reviews so I know I won't be expecting a great movie. So I didn't. But...

I did not expect it to be horrible. I painfully have to agree that this is really bad. How unfortunate. I did not expect anything great out of this, but at least I expected it to be good or okay. But no, it's terribly frustrating. There wasn't a single great moment. I waited 2 and a half hours for at least a moment that would make an impact. But there wasn't any. Even the ending is just terrible. Sofia is the most horrible of all.

But I'm still rating it 7 because I know Al and the rest worked hard for this. It's just unfortunate that wasn't given much thought.


Love this Franchise, Love this Franchise, Love this Franchise, Love this Franchise, Love this Franchise, Love this Franchise, Love this Franchise,Love this Franchise.
The movie shows the struggle of a man, the god father trying to get out of the dirty work... It is so well portrayed by Al Pacino. I gave a 9 and not 10 because some of the supporting actor were not up to the mark, unlike Al Pacino. The movie was just up there with God Father I, II. God Father Trilogy is a must see for everyone. Brando, Caan, Pacino, DeNiro have displayed the art of acting that is top notch. The trilogy shows that movies can also be a great display of art & life, and that it is not just in theater... Enjoy the trilogy, Enjoy the movies.

Why does IMDb require 10 lines to submit a comment? May be they don't realize that a comments don't necessarily need quantity.
Despite some comments you may read, this movie is as good as the first two and in some ways is better. Al Pacino is superb as Michael Corleone as is Andy Garcia as Vincent Mancini. The only thing that I miss from the other films is Robert Duvall as Tom Hagen.
First of all, would Micheal really put up with his daughter having sex with her first cousin? Really? Then would he have his sister be his consigliere? Really? In case you missed it, Micheal knows his daughter is having sex with her cousin. Really? This is a disgrace compared to the other 2 movies.
but pales in comparison to the first two.......the story itself is flawed.....why not Andy Garcia as Michael Corleone's son? Any additional link to the first two films would have helped...even Robert Duvall would have made this a much better picture....and Al Pacino could have chewed on the scenery slightly less......
This movie is somewhat an enigma to me. Theoretically, Copolla had the tools to make this a great film but instead, he messed up big time. The plot has potential, but the screenplay is not well constructed. It just keeps treading water without really giving the viewer a sense of narrative development. The directing isn't anywhere as good as it was in the first two films. The cast, aside from Al Pacino is not the way it should be. If they had a chance to bring in somebody like Robert Duval to play Tom Hagen why didn't they do it? Normally I wouldn't care, but if you can't make a proper third installment for a series as powerful and as cinematically significant as the godfather, it's better not to make it at all. The only reason I gave it a 5 and not less is because I still like seeing Al Pacino, but that's about it.
Shocked to see this follow-up from the Godfather franchise. Aren't they cousins? While probably not terrible as a stand-alone movie, it is clearly not worthy of being included with the first two in the series. I say ignore this one in the future.
Disappointing last part in the Godfather-trilogy. I don't know why this third part is so weak, but it may be because of a number of factors. The story may not be interesting and/or it is not worked out properly and/or the actors are not convincing and/or God knows what.

The only interesting story-line is that of Vincent's. He reminds me of the way that Michael and Vito used to be. There are some good scenes with Andy Garcia (e.g. when he's lying in bed with Bridget Fonda, and later when he takes care of the Joey Zasa-situation). Sadly enough, Vincenzo is the only one who holds my attention and he can't save the whole movie on his own.

6/10




First I was shocked how old Mr. Coppola looks. When hè anounced a the new edited part 3. The Godfather 1 en 2 are classic beautiful movies. Part 3 was somehow a let down. Still it completes The story of Michael Corleone. With the new editing it gives more depth to the story yet somehow it remains te Same. I am praying that Paramount will bring a Godfather part 4 in production. There is enough space to have a New trilogy for a new generation. I hope soon...
I read a lot of comments about this movie being a disaster and whatnot - that's simply not true. Is it as good as the first two? No. But it's not like the first two. It's not even *supposed* to be like the first two. This film was originally not even going to be part of The Godfather Trilogy but rather titled "The Death of Michael Corleone."

That having been said, this is a pretty good film. I find that it closes up The Godfather Trilogy quite well, and I feel satisfied after watching it. My only real complaint is Sofia Coppola - ugh. I understand wanting to give your daughter a role, but such an important one? Father's love blinded good taste in choosing someone to take that role. Otherwise, a good film. 8/10
Honestly, it wasn't as bad as I had been warned. I have to admit, in comparison to the first two, the film's reputation is not without any merit; but those are two of the greatest films ever made, and 99% of films are going to look terrible if you compare them to parts I and II. But as its own film? It's actually pretty good. Quite a bit of what was so great about the first two installments is still there but toned down, and there are a lot of new problems I and II didn't have, so like I said it's definitely a downgrade from its predecessors but it's still a good film in its own right.
Since the 60' of the last century at least, in movies, art, music, in the street all over the western world...most people prefer gangsters than honest human beings, amazing, isn't it?

I have watched this film about 5 times and the other two about 10 times each. It is an exceptional movie overall despite some critical flaws with the casting and some of its themes. I didn't like Sofia Coppola's performance because she seemed arrogant and stuck up. The romance between Mary and Vincent feels forced and so does the rekindled one with Michael and Kay. There is also a horribly edited scene were Michael has a stroke and the cut between frames moves some of the products around in the kitchen. Probably the most disappointing thing about the film is that it depends upon the prior two movies to explain itself. A person could watch GFI or GFII and appreciate them independently. This film requires you to be fans of the first two and forgive its shortfalls and recycled philosophy. Knowledge of King Lear might also help you to be stirred up by this film.
I finally broke down and bought the godfather trilogy. I don't know why it took me so long to get to it, but i always knew i would love it. However...everyone always says "1 and 2 are great....but 3 sucks".. ....what the hell....I thought the third installment in the trilogy was amazing. Other than the casting of Sofia Coppola, I don't think it could have been any better.

It may be a very different film from 1 and 2, but it is supposed to be. It is set in a completely different time, with the values of the previous movies clashing against the newer times. but with all it's differences, it still holds true to the reoccurring themes of the previous 2. I think that people should be a little more open minded towards this movie. it is, in my opinion, the best third installment in any trilogy to date.
I have been watching it on USA and analyzing during the comercial break. God Father III is extremely mediocre compared to the first 2. If it were not a sequel to the previous 2, it would be just a great movie. But since being the final chapter of the series. It must needs be much better than great. So by comparision to its predessors, it is an unbelievably crappy movie.
This movie is so disappointing compared to its predecessors. There is not nearly enough tie-in to the original movies. There are many names in this installment that would mean nothing to the viewer had they not been knowledgeable Godfather fans from the earlier releases. I'm not sure what the author/screenplay writer was thinking when this was written. It all seems a little too outlandish. Perhaps I should read the book to get a full understanding of this picture, although that was not necessary in the first two of this trilogy.
1 mark extra for the last Scene Difficult to forget these movies
This was an extraordinary film. It is to be judged on its own merits and not compared to the more violent GF I and GF. Is it possible that the viewing audience just didn't get it. Perhaps the dialog was too difficult (I watched it with the subtitles). Perhaps much of it went over the heads of the viewers. After all 51% of the people voted for George Bush in the last election. We certainly don't have any claim to braininess.Maybe people didn't like the aging characteristics of the man who used to hold up banks and play a clean cop against the odds. Maybe people are getting tired of Coppola's daughter. Who knows why the public rates movies as they do. I found the story and script to be exceptional, the acting was excellent and the photograpahy was first rate. The editors did an excellent job and the movie was very well directed. What more are people looking for? Singing in the Rain?
This is a great movie but lacks 2 things:

Tom Hagen and most importantly Vito, the greatest character in motion picture history.

However this movie did not spoil the other 2 and is a brilliant ending people who dislike it are unfairly comparing it to the other 2.

On its own worth 10/10, I only gave the other 2 films 10 because the scale doesn't reach 6,000,000,000.
The Godfather Part III is the weakest of the trilogy but a strong movie nevertheless. It is definitely the best Pacino performance of the three. Actually, you can see a change in Pacino's acting style following this movie. I think that this film definitely had a huge impact on him as an actor.

By this time, the Corleone family is in Europe where Michael is aging and his children have grown. He is trying to keep his family and himself away from the business in order to have some peace of mind. His son is now an opera singer and his beautiful daughter, played by Sofia Coppola, is falling in love with the family bodyguard.

part 3 should have never been made. I dont like this movie for a very simple reasons, very little of the original story carries over to this installment. made up characters like vincent and marie and inconsistent ones like Kate, who after disaproving of michael's chosen career in the first 2 installments is now so accepting of the mob wife role. And what is with the whole Vatican issue, sounds more like international politics than the underworld power struggle of the two first movies were. Also gone are the mentions of real life famous characters with names changed from the first movies , for example famous singer and actor Johnie Fontaine,that gave the fictional story of the godfather a non fictional touch, i loved that. The only character from this movie that i liked was Joe Montagnia's; the only character that kept true to the original mafioso persona of the first installments. if you love the godfather like i do stick to the first 2 movies, you wont be sorry .
Godfather Part III is the turning point of michael corleone's life, as he faces the question to go on with his sins and brutality of his family or to choose the next head as he goes down on retirement. The theme of this movie's changed a lot since part II, in which Corleone family was a powerful mob family. Here the Corleone family's been shown as the absolute power and dominating force. The culminating is quite sad which with the enormous play of Al Pacino becomes one of the best emotional scenes in the history of Cinema.
Winona Ryder was supposed to play the part of Mary, and Robert Duvall was supposed to come back as Michael's consiglieri, or at least as his attorney in place of George Hamilton. But Ryder left because of illness and fatigue, and Duvall held out because he wanted as much money as Pacino( a fact that has always really bothered me, being that Coppola pretty much gave Robert Duvall a forty year career by casting him in I). I think they would have made this movie much better; think about it, no Sofia Coppola who sticks out like a soar thumb, and could have had a genuinely provocative relationship with Vincent, and no George Hamilton, fresh out of the Mark of Zorro. But do you think they would have put it on par with the other two?


The GODFATHER PART III keeps you all jumped up from the very moment you hear Micheal Corleone writing to his children to the moment you see him sitting on the chair in the end. In fact, this is the movie that contains all the right ingredients in the right amount.

The movie has been able to touch the apex of perfection through its engrossing plot. Micheal Corleone is old and wise enough to legitimize his business. His son does not want to take over his business and he gets a not so enthusiastic permission from his father. On the other hand, Micheal's nephew and Sonnie's illegitimate child shows interest in the business and Micheal keeps him near himself for the business.

The end however leaves a deep imprint on the lives of the subjects and has kept me wondering about the movie for at least 3-4 hours. A must watch.
So I'm the biggest fan ever of TG but seriously this film is a shambles. It's so complicated you a degree in thermo nuclear dynamics just keep up with the plot. It's an example in how to overcook a delicious pasta. TGF rip.
I rated both first and second installment of the godfather series a 10/10. This is half the goods, which is 5/10. You see, when making movies like this, shaw shank redemption, green mile, you don't make a recipe for a movie style, the director just makes it happen, looks like godfather tried to make a special recipe and use it, and these movies don't have a recipe, but it is not the director to blame, he had a limited budget and a limited amount of time, to be honest, i didn't watch this a long time ago, but i remember it, it is a movie that you will remember, not maybe like part one and two, but OK. i say watch it, give it a try, there are some people who really liked it, so it is worth going to the cinema or buying a copy to re-watch it

Firstly let's get comparison out of way with first two. It's like comparing your wife to your first girlfriend, not same! Secondly movie shows human side of don, who has young kids. Tried to do legit business but his past drags him back up. Very entertaining, good story, loved the Sicilian way of life. Enjoyed the movie.


I really don't care what anybody else wants to say...this is the completion of the trilogy. Sophia Copolla did a decent job acting in this for her first main role and I actually felt the ending scene. I wasn't laughing my head off like other people were talking about. In fact, it took me 10 minutes to get up after the credits were over and I rarely remember a movie after it's over. I think the original Godfather and Godfather Part II are still the best, but Part III, is just a few down. I just hope that if Part IV comes out (heard something about it) that it won't ruin this classic trilogy.

This movie, in my opinion, was a waste of film. The movie did not bring you into the corleone family like the other two did. This movie lacked a good script. The actors were in place but they had no direction. Al Pacino's character really didn't do it for me in this one. In part part one and two, Micheal corleone was a man that everyone feared. In part three it looked like if he didn't belong. It couldn't be because of the age he plays in the movie because Don Corleone in the first Godfather was still the man. This movie made a mockery of what Micheal Corleone should of been. Talia Shire's character had more guts than that of Al Pacinos. Andy Garcia over acted in some scenes. Other scenes he did good. Sofia Coppola was not a big help in the movie either. The only time she didn't seem to whine and act like a baby was when she was not in the scene. This movie could of been a lot better if they would of taken their time and had the same passion that they had for the first two Godfather's. Its a shame that this film has to be mentioned with the first two which were masterpieces of cinema.


Can you believe the 3rd part in a trilogy can be BETTER than the first two!?! Godfather: Part III proves this with ease. I could watch the three parts anytime, and always notice something different and new. Al Pacino is of course the central, main character, and no one could've done a better job. I have bought all Godfather memoribilia now and am loyal to this epic!!


Simply put, this movie has no reason to exist (other than making money which we should all know is reason enough). Artistically, it's no where near the quality of the first two movies. Even without judging it by those hight standards, it's simply not good. Bad script, uneven and hard to follow plot, and poor performances across the board. I'm looking in your direction Pacino.
All the comments that I've read about this movie lead me to the conclusion that people are ungrateful. It makes me think of the one episode of the Simpsons where the comic book store guy is complaining about the Poochy episode of Itchy + Scratchy. Bart ask him what he is complaining about since the show has provided him with countless hours of entertainment and all he can respond with is, "Worst episode ever." I mean, movies are made for the audience, but if a writer/director makes a movie the way he does, that's his business. It's called artistic license. I for one think that whatever someone puts in a movie is fine and if I don't like it so what? When I watched Part III I liked Sophia, I liked Vincent, and I even liked the way Michael died. Once you take a movie for what it is, entertainment, and just sit back and relax, you might discover that a once "flawed" movie is pretty darn entertaining. So please, dislike it if you must, but don't complain because some of us actually enjoyed it. Thank you.

I agree with many that this wasn't the strongpoint of the trilogy but it held its own through the 170 minute running time. It often confused me, but I got through it and lived! I liked this movie because it showed the end of Michael Corleone because if they had left it with the second one, we would have all wondered what happened to MC! At least that's what I would have wondered. I admit this was probably a way to cash in on a good name, but I'm glad they made it. I just wish that they would have killed MC off in a better way. Like maybe shooting him and Mary. That would have been good. But I guess this ending was good anyway. Now who here was grossed out about the relationship between Vincent and Mary. I was totally grossed out! That is incest! Hello?! What is that doing in such a great movie like GPIII? Anyway, this is a good movie and I will be owning the whole trilogy!
The plot is basically silly, but nothing can be worse than Sofia Coppola's acting, though Joe Montegna gives it a shot. How's this for a line, "My lucky coat, my lucky coat, ahh" (riddled with bullets). The Godfather and the Godfather Part II are two of my all-time favorite movies. That this schlock is lumped with the first two works of art broke my heart. The legend of Michael Corleone certainly needed to be continued, if not finalized. After a 16 year wait, one would think Puzo and Coppola would have done better. Every high school auditorium in America regularly sees better performances by 10th graders than Sofia Coppola gives here. To say I was disappointed doesn't begin to describe my feelings. Can you tell?
This final installment of the "Godfather" trilogy has been, since its release in 1990, heckled and regarded as a terrible movie that puts the other two Godfather films to shame.

Untrue.

I would argue, as many movie-lovers would, that it is very difficult (if not impossible) to match the greatness of the first two films. However, "The Godfather Part III" is a very decent film and, although Robert Duvall is not in it, the story is solid, the acting is terrific (except for Sophia Coppolla), and the ending is subtly powerful and moving.

I hope that everyone who enjoys the "Godfather Part I and Part II" sees the "Godfather Part III." It is a very, very good film.
After seeing parts 1 & 2 yesterday and the day before that, my expectations weren't very high. And guess what, this one couldn't live up to the hype neither. I seriously don't understand why real classics like Schindler's List, Pulp Fiction or The Dark Knight don't get better ratings than all the Godfather films put together, that's something I will never get. Those are REAL classics! Adding the religious aspect to this installment is a bold and boring element. This day & age, no one cares. And given the low rating for this one, it never has been. After seeing all 3 films in the last 3 days, I can safely say that these films are not for me. And I enjoy a good maffia movie once and a while, these were just boring as hell! Pacino's abilities as a great actor are never shown in these films, he just sits there with the same blank face in all 3 films. Where are the ingenious acting capabilities we loved in Devil's Advocate or Heat? Nothing more to say but these 3 movies suck the Italian meatballs. Signing off.
Sophia Copala is one of the worst actors I've seen. She can't deliver her lines in a convincing way. She sounds like she is trying to use a sexy voice that is disturbing when talking to her father...... Try it I hope you like it more then I did. After going from one of the best movies of all time in the Godfather. This thing is a huge disappointment. Sost of the time she speaks she talks just above a whisper. First you hear it you think she'll get into the role and not so timid. The exact opposite happens by the time the movie ends you're reading's the closed captions to see what is going on.good luck.

Had to watch to finish the trilogy. Not greatly impressed
Seems like this is the weakest part in the chain. I admit that I have enjoyed watching this movie , but still it ruined the repetition of the movies a little.
How can anyone recommend The Godfather Part Three? It is absolute pants. The Party Scene at the very beginning of the Movie is so long winded I had to fast forward with my Samsung DVD remote. Also, why make Michael Corleone appear so weak (both physically and psychologically)? It hurt to see this once great Character deteriorate in such a way. Al Pacino's 'oh lets use violence as a last resort' Character is baloney, pathetic and annoying. And why is almost half the film (I'm obviously exaggerating) spent on trying to make Opera seem appealing to the masses? It's so boring (the Opera and the Film). The last major scene of the Movie drained the life out of me - it was that bad. The only part of the film which made me emotional was the very last scene. I hope Godfather 4 goes back to the roots of the first two Godfather Movies i.e ruthless Empire building with a touch of character development.
You can easily figure out that most people here giving it bad reviews didn't even watch the movie. Their opinion are depended on ignorance and critics' reviews. People expected this to be like the first two (two of greatest movies of all time) and failed to see the big picture. While we were put into Michael's shoes and grasp into his tragic tale at least when he thought he was out, we delve into the inevitability of the saga thus bringing a conclusion to our much beloved crime saga. And it was satisfying. It deals with the aftermath of Godfather II maturely and gives us a whole new perspective into The Godfather universe. You can say, this was a different kind of Godfather movie. Ignore both good and bad reviews and decide for yourself when you watch it. Do not judge a movie by critics' reviews. They still think Star Wars The Last Jedi is a masterpiece.



Michael died a very sad, lonely man. The difference between him and his father was that his father died happily, enjoying life, while in the comfort of his grandson. See the movie, then understand why Michael paid the ultimate price (twice). I shall have to go on, for nothing less than the purpose of fulfilling the requirements of submission would permit me to explain the real meaning of the story. I could comment on all of the attributes that the actors have shown in their respective performances, and agree, or disagree, with comments made about Sofia, the daughter of the director, but my real reason for writing is to convey how a person might have to pay for the errors of his ways by losing the most important want in his life. Michael's biggest joy in life was his daughter.

I do not understand how can this part of the movie be separated from the others 2 and be under-evaluated. The III series of the godfather is absolutely brilliant. perfect role-playing, perfect story and perfect directing. This movie moves me in the way not a lot of movies did. Is a movie about life that leads you to many conclusions. you can find yourself in the movie indifferent who you are and what you are it is impossible to not relate something with your life. A movie is really great in the moment that makes you cry and you remain with at least one great idea from it. This one is GREAT. Is the grand finale of a story of a man that had everything :love, money, family and power but not happiness.
Although The Godfather: Part 3 is not as good as the first two lets face it, it is hard to compete with arguably two of the greatest films of all time. Part 3 is still a good movie. It has great story lines and plots and you still have Al Pacino, Diane Keaton, Talia Shire, Andy Garcia,and Joe Mantegna starring in the film and Francis Ford Coppola directing it. People, these are stars who know how to make a great movie and that is exactly what they did. Just because it is not as good as the #1 and #3 movies on the IMDb 250 doesn't mean it is not a great film. The film had so much to compete with that people got carried away in their reactions to the film. If you would study and rate it without comparing it to the first 2 you would realize how great the film is. A wonderful ending to the greatest cinematic story of all time. I would definitely recommend this film as well as the first two. 3.5*/4
And that may be worth losing! The Godfather, Part III should have never been made. It only shows that nepotism is alive and well in Hollywood. Sofia Coppola had all the charisma of a headless corpse. No offense to the corpse, but when she mumbled the line "I don't know how to cook" to Andy Garcia, Mama Celeste turned in grave. Hello! You're Italian and you don't know how to cook?! Mary Corleone is the reason why so many 3rd world chefs are cooking in many metropolitan Italian restraunts today!!!

Another reason this moving stinks of Gigli is Al Pacino. He still hasn't let the screaming general die from "Scent of a Woman". I don't know if Scent of a Woman came before or after GF3 BUT WHO CARES!

In short, this movie is an abomination. Much like the aborted child of Michael and Kay Corleone. FFC, please, give it a rest!

first of all i didn't expect what i got in this movie. i had the feelings that after first two classics it wouldn't be a good decision to make another one. but boy they wronged me with wondrous movie. Francis Ford Coppola did a marvelous job in this movie to giving it a perfect end which it really deserved. Sofia and Garcia were two refreshing entries in this movie which really added to the movie. and who can dare to talk on AL PACIONO's acting he is just out of the world. after the the films end i felt like already missing the movie and its character. It was mesmerizing experience to watch this trilogy. and no wonder this is the greatest trilogy of all time. and AL Pacino is the greatest actor .

so those who haven't watched this go other wise you haven't seen anything called movie. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
Very underrated. I read the book and for me this one is as good as the 2nd one. Of course... they forgot to tell us about Tom Hagen, and I find some characters not very interesting, and Sofia Coppola wasn't good. The only thing I disliked was the way they've ended the trilogy... in the stairs of the opera. The end was a bit forced, but is great at the same time. Al Pacino did a good job, as well as Andy Garcia- Vincent is a great character! As we all know, Copolla is a genius, but I felt the story was a strange continuation, unnecessary. But it still good! Everything is great: The soundtrack (the godfather waltz, the theme song - same for all the movies) and the actings make this the best trilogy ever!! (Sorry for my English)

I never understood why Sofia Coppola received such ridicule for her acting. Frankly, I thought she was very natural and appropriate for her part - sweet, rather innocent, certainly very pretty.
The third movie in the Godfather Trilogy has less violence but just as compelling. It's important when seeing this one to have seen the first two to fully understand it. Loved it. Andy Garcia was a natural and was awesome in the movie.
This movie felt like it was written and directed by different people. The writing was poor and the direction did not seem like Coppola's. It seemed like an immitation Godfather movie. All the power this movie has is drawn from the first two. It does nothing on it's own. The only thing I truly enjoyed about this movie was Eli Wallach's performance. I love that guy.


It was a huge mistake to watch Kevin Costner getting all the Oscars racing against this movie. Maybe 3 or 4 of the winning categories were just given to Dances with Wolves, even knowing that Godfather III was so much better. Although I´m a Godfather fan, this last movie was simply the best of them. Getting the best things from the past and adding some new twists, characters and more individual conflicts. It was not only "mafia" or criminals, it was a personal drama. It was the fighting of one man´s soul to get out of the dirt. Returning to the family values and searching for forgiveness on the church. Without noticing that even the church is in the same crime business. Are you looking for quality films?...this one is for you.
Everyone told me The Godfather is the best film ever made , but when I saw the first and the second part of this movie , although the story was very well built the director's cut was kind of shaky on some parts.

However, the third part shows maturity , directory speaking . It's great , it kind of flows , something that I didn't see in the parts preceding this one.

But Francis Ford Coppola it's a great director nobody can deny that.And accepting doing this after Sergio Leone rejected , I think takes a lot of guts!

And if you watched the first and the second part with pleasure - believe me you will not be disappointed by this one!
I don't quite understand why everybody is so praising of Godfather II and so down on Godfather III. It seems obvious that II and III are not nearly the classic I is, I don't see how Godfather II can be rated so far higher. Both have similarly convoluted plots, both have across the board great acting exept for Diane Keaton in II and Francis Ford's Daughter in III, and III has a beautiful overall plot movement towards the devastating final scene. The Vatican stuff is clearer and more interesting than the cuba stuff from II. Diane Keaton is markedly stronger in this one than in the first two. They are all worth seeing, but only Godfather One belongs in the ranks of "best films of all time."
The only problem this film has is it's title. It suffers as a result of being part of arguably the greatest trilogy ever. If it were called "Cosa Nostra Vaticano" it would be better received Imo. Andy Garcia bringing freshness to the franchise and thoroughly good movie. Not as good as part 1&2. But if you go in with an open mind then you'll def not be disappointed.
It's not better than the first two, but could definitely win best movie of the year awards if it was release in the current era of cinema. It's better than 95% of movies released today and people giving it a 1/10 are not to be taken seriously. Watch it you'll not love it like Part 1 and 2, but you'll still like it. I'd give it a 8.5 if IMDB allowed.
Coppola forgot how to direct the Godfather. Pacino forgot how to be the Godfather. He simply isn't Michael Corleone in this film. All the surviving characters reinvented themselves to be something they weren't in the first two films. It's like someone completely different and with no talent tried to copy the original films and failed. It's just too cringey and far too cliched to watch. Awful film. Duvall is rightly glad he had nothing to do with it.
This is the best movie i have ever seen. With business lessons that are still commonly applied today. Hope you all like it and recommend it to others too.
This is the best trilogy movies I've ever watched.

I really enjoyed every part of The Godfather trilogy, besides this is my favorite film series ever. In The first movie, I really like Marlon Brando played as Vito Corleone. He was made me afraid. And then In the second movies, I really like Al Pacino's acting. And for this, the last movie of the godfather, I enjoyed the story and the cinematography because it's much better. This last movie is made me sad, because my favorite character, Michael Corleone finally died.
I enjoyed the first two the most. I think the writing and direction of this one is good. But the acting is awful. Andy Garcia seems to have watched the first two films to many times and he seems to try and consume the screen but does not succeed. His dialogue especially with Sophie Coppola is dry and not godfather worthy. The major difference between this and the other films is that there is no character development. You are kind of given the characters from the previous films and that is how they stay throughout the film. Also I think not having Robert Duvall kills the family. Michael is the only character we really know and it makes it difficult to relate to all the new people. If you are a fan of the first two you need to finish the series with this but don't expect much until the end.

Of Course this movie isn't such bad as everyone wants to say, but that is only if there weren't the Prequels.Especially the first part is as excellent as only a few movies will ever get. In the second part it is everything a little too much, except the flashbacks with the young Vito Corleone (Great Appearance from the young de Niro, in my Opinion this the Quality like the first part. Pacino isn't that good even in the second part and now in the third part he performs his ritual (like in every "new" movie, not that bad in Insomnia and Any Given Sunday but still not really a change in it). I liked Garcia, but still this is far away from a Masterpiece. Especially if you think about Goodfellas which was the movie Godfather III had to be compared with. So overall, Coppola better had not done this movie 16 years after creating a cinematic legend.

As much as it pains me to say so, given this is one of "The Godfather" titles, this film is an unfortunate bookend to an otherwise timelessly classic, beautifully written, impeccably acted, and hauntingly filmed saga. The storyline should have ended with the time-jumping, prequel flashbacks which filled in the rich backstory of the Corleone family in The Godfather: Part II. I rated The Godfather: Part III a six (6) star rating based on the films lineage. Also, I gave the film an additional rating star for each of the actors reprising their respective roles and given their acting linage. (This is not a one to ten rating of the actors themselves--only additional start ratings for them film itself): one (1) star for Al Pacino, one (1) star for Diane Keaton, and one (1) star for Talia Shire. For the storyline a negative two (-2), and for associating itself with the first two films a negative two (-2); it fell far short of earning the privilege of being one of "The Godfather" films. Alas, it receives a 5/10 rating...a generous gift.



I sincerely think that this film is as great as the first two. I really do. I have seen this film (and the first two, too) more than 80,000,000,000,000 times, and I still can't understand why everyone says it's bad. Yes, Sofia Coppola is not a good actress, and that aspect affects the film in comparison to its predecessors. But, come on, it still has other performances that are great (Al Pacino, Andy García, Eli Wallach), great script, great cinematography, great soundtrack..... If we see it without focusing much in Sofia Coppola's performance, then we have a perfect movie, like the rest of the saga. I personally love how this movie shows us how the mafia interferes with the catholic church (and that happens in real life, I know it's hard to acknowledge but it is true), and I love how it also shows the last years of Michael Corleone. I don't know what else to say, this is not a bad movie at all.

I watched The Godfather III the other day and after reading and hearing all the negative comments I really wasn't expecting much but I felt compelled to watch it because I love the first two films in the trilogy and I needed to know what happened in the final installment.My god, was I blown away.....I thought this was a completely brilliant film and more than worthy to stand up to comparison between I and II. Andy Garcia WAS Sonny's son.I could actually see flashes of Caan in Garcia's performance.Ignore all that you hear about Sofia Coppolla, she really was fine and very well suited to the part.Pacino and Keaton also worked really well together.The story-line was very different and inventive and I thought the ending was heart breaking...........Watch this, it's very, very good
Part 1 & 2 are masterpieces - they just are. The first two movies were derived from Puzo' book. Coppola and Puzo already had their road map. In part 3 - they came up with a great story. It translated to the screen but the story was confusing to the causal movie goer. This version allows one to focus on Michael and his journey to his tragic bitter end as the story is clear and operatic. Just loved it!

I really have no idea why Godfather Part 3 is rated that bad? To my mind part 3 is even better than part 2. Maybe it is because of the date the film was made: 1990...it is possible that people are sick of Mafia-Films and don't like that kind of film anymore. I think Andy Garcia actually was the best choice that could be made as THE NEW DON! He is handsome, courageous and dynamic. But I cannot say that part 3 can be compared to part 1. The mafia ambiance is still there but Al Pacino is trying to become legal with his business. This may be the only point to critic the movie. All in all I think it is a movie that should be watched if you are a fan of mafiafilms. My personal rating: 8.5/10
Although I understand there were many people out there thinking that the third Godfather movie was nothing compare to the first and second ones, I still think the third one really got to me. The Godfather III is a good conclusion for Michael Corelone's descent to an endless life of Mofia and his attempt for redemption. His famous quote:"Just when I think I'm out, they pull me back in!" is my favourite. I thought the death of Mary was a very cruel punishment for Michael who cherishes his daughter. It's as if it is a punishment for his guilt of killing his own brother. The all-mighty Don Michael Corelone fell with absolute anguish and sorrow seeing his own daughter dying in his arms. Al Pacino protrayed the desperate Michael right on target. Sofia Coppola is a lovely Mary, and Andy Garcia is a great addition to the cast as the bastard son of Sonny. I especially love the part when Michael was yelling at Vincent that he was just like his own father Sonny because of their temper. The third part of Godfather wrapped up everything and left us all with a hanging heart hoping for a Godfather IV...
I will keep this short, but this film has been doubted my a lot of people who say it was a dissapointing end to two great classics, but i thought this film was fantastic, it had everything to become the classic end to a great story, the finale kept me on the edge of my seat and i think it deserves a place in our collection (it did in mine!!)

God Father III had a lot different style then the first two. Probably because it was set twenty years later. I really loved the insight and thought put into it. There was a lot more music and a softer dialog. I think what made the movie was Michael getting older he actually looked more like a mobster. He was more reasonable in this move then the last two, he seemed wiser. He was looking for redemption in his life. I'm not sure if Andy Garcia was a good replacement to take over. I think he fit in well though. The daughter wasn't a very good actress. She didn't seem like she fit in this move. All in all I think it was a really good ending to an awesome trilogy. The music was awesome. I especially liked Brucia La Terra. I recommend this move to anyone but you have to see the I and II first. Michael dressed incredible in this part.
I am an avid fan of the Godfather and its sequel. They are 2 of the best movies ever made. Notice I don't say the "trilogy"...thats because I REFUSE to recognize part three as having any association with the first 2 masterpieces. The performances by Andy Garcia and Sofia Coppola are lackluster at best, and the fact that 'Connie' ends up taking over the family is absolutely maddening. There are no redeeming qualities to this film, and neither the portrayal of Michael Corleone by Al Pacino or the return of some of the main players of the movie can rescue it from it being one of the worst gangster films. Why couldn't they just stop at 2?? No need to beat a dead horse as they say.
I am a big fan of the first two Godfathers. i knew there was a third godfather made but it was never on television. I bought the godfather collection and the first one I watched was part 3. I had always thought it was one of those sequels they wished they never made, kind of like a grease 2. But the film wasn't that bad though. one of the reasons it might not have been successful was of all the new characters that were put in. I even found it difficult to keep track of the storyline and all the characters. sure its not as good as the first two movies but it is still a film I would recommend to any big fans of the series. it is still a good movie

This last one is very warm and you see everyone grown up. You really can't help but smile..the movie is about micheal trying to redeem himself. It's just a masterpiece and as good as the rest, if not warmer and closer to the heart
But you should give this saga a shot, especially if you love to know people more.
If you compare this movie to Godfather and Godfather part II, it will look really weak. I recommend to watch it without any expectations... I can't say that it is a bad movie, it just cant be comparable to the other ones. They are absolute masterpieces. If you saw the first two movies, part III is a must watch to end the trilogy!
This movie is a must see for all Pacino fans. The Godfather Part III has a good plot but it doesn't follow the other two Godfather stories. You must see the first two Godfather movies first to get the most out of the third one. Good movie, but not up to godfather standards.
Not half as bad as people make out. Sofia is very good as the daughter, Pacino et al act consummately, and the storyline moves on at just the right pace.

The film as a whole - whilst not as good as the previous two - is a fine conclusion of a 'family' story like no other. I think sometimes these things can be taken too seriously, and as it stands this is a fine piece of cinema.

I think this can be taken on it's own, as much as one third of a whole. Sure it helps to see the previous two films, but as a film of someone seeking redemption and trying - but failing - to escape his past the film is a huge success.

Very good, and recommended. Think for yourself, not what the critics want you to think.
It's a perfect end to this outstanding story.I do agree with the fact that the first two parts were better,but like I said,it's the perfect end.It's similar with the first part;I find this very interesting.The interpretation of the actors is amazing.Al Pacino is more expressive in this part,Andy Garcia doesn't disappoint at all,in fact he is a very charismatic actor.I also think that the fact that Coppola didn't replaced the actors that were playing in the first two parts,is perfect.I mean,Michael has to be Al Pacino,Kay has to be Diane Keaton,Connie has to be Talia Shire,and so on... The story of the third part is excellent,and is not below the first two parts.The conclusion is that the third part of The Godfather trilogy is the perfect end,and there is no need for the fourth,it will ruin the Trilogy:))

I am a fan of all 3 Godfather movies...I just wish there was MORE. I can't possibly write the prolific comments that everyone else has. I'm just an everyman (woman actually) and I find these (all 3) movies visually, musically and everything else so entertaining and also educating, if this Mafia stuff actually happened, which I believe it did, as horrific as it is. The scene about Mary in the end. I almost cry thinking about her sinking to her knees..excellent acting...and Pacino...probably the MOST terrific acting of his career. I am currently reading the book (the first Godfather) which I have read in the past, and I have watched the movie at least 10 times... the movie is close to the book, but there is a big Johnny Fontaine chapter that I'm pretty sure the movie kinda skipped over. Anyway...one of the absolute classics of our time!



Just watched this movie..i'd seen the previous 2 parts way back..those were CLASSICS in every sense of the word. I was pretty reluctant to watch the 3rd part though, after having heard the comments and having read the reviews. Somehow i gathered the energy to watch this one,and i wasn't disappointed at all. The weaker side of Michael Corleone is portrayed beautifully here. The scene where he gets the diabetes attack..yelling out.."FREDO,FREDO..", his confession , moments with Kay..all of those scenes were quite touching. okay Sophie coppola's dialog delivery was poor..agreed..but the whole movie was an apt ending to the trilogy. Andy Garcia..for me..did a stellar job. He really looked like sonny's offspring..not by looks but by his way of talking,his behavior. There's a strong plot alongside too. All in all ..i'd say this movie is under-rated..comparisons to previous 2 editions are unjust. I am not a pro critic ..but these are my honest comments about the movie..Those of you all who are still reluctant to watch this one should give it a go..
I've seen recently the film, and I have to say that is not so good than the first, cause that's a classical one(with an incredible Brando),but I think it's better than the godfather II, which was very slow in it's rhythm, and the only thing I liked from that one was when de Niro appeared. I just wanna say one more thing, my best favourite scenes of the three films are: 1.When Michael is in the bar with Mckluskey and Sollozo.(THE GODFATHER)

2.Michael's shout at the end of the Godfather III.
This is really one of my best movies I ever seen . The Godfather trilogy was, honestly : the best . For me, the best part of this trilogy was these . Why ? Because this people did the best job that a cast can do . The last song played by Anthony was the icing on the cake . That song reminds me a lot of past good things that I forget . This movie is not for everyone, this movie is for people who has feelings, because a man without them can't understand the message . I just wanna please the people who rate this movie bad to re-watch the movie and give another rating, because in our days movies like these are a rarity .
May be is not as great as the other two parts, but for me is the only way to understand what really happen with Michael. I think that these part is more and more a human part of the trilogy and it doesn't have that big family Mafia thing, we learn that revenge can turn against us (almost every time). May be is all these that people doesn't like that much. I liked. for me is the only possible end, The End.

I don't know if it's just me but it seems that the Producers of Godfather Part III didn't spend a single dime on wardrobe for this movie!!

Isn't it supposed to be 1979?!? Where are the wide collars (and genereally awful clothes)?

I think they weren't self conscious about detailing this flick.

I agree with most of you - Godfather should have ended at Part II.

Watched the Coda cut. Everything is terrible. Script is awful, acting too, FFC has either lost it or had a stand-in for directing. I have loved the Goda since 1971, watched the first two movies sever times, but THIS? Come on... Vatican and Canoli... "guesping..." Depressing to watch from start to the stupid final.


what i want to say is that Vincent is so complicated a man that i can't understand. because sometimes he behaves like a very intelligent man(for example,the night that he was nearly murdered, what he showed us is his intelligence of handling a complex problem with power great patience and courage.) while sometimes like an idiot with hot temper(for example he and Konnie decided to kill Al for revenge) is he a very smart person? from what he's done facing the murder and how he behaving after he took over the power from Micheal, the answer is yes ,but from his self control ,especially in temper,the answer is no .who can explain to me?



Worst in the trilogy and doesn't feel like part of the godfather
